
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               4144.504662                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4144504662099500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10891627716880500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2583902                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2888555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           736065058845                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4919516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5630.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 14548978004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   16264365185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker      1278720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker       138240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       4544704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data     122948608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        10624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst        553280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data        615168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       929792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker       227200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       4856768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      64720704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        14784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        13120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       1507136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       2329472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        48320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       1941312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       1971328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        585472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       1051008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker      2090048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        55040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       4264000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data      84501312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker         6336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker         6848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        594368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       1048832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker         7296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst        635264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       1278656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        20416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        13504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1325568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       2412416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst        353856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data        495424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst        417216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data        885568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker         3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst        475904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data        721408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        63936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker       104128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       2018880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       1917760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      1242240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      1074304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      22626944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      18972800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        46656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        55040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       1623232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       2112192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          363826048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      4544704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst       553280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      4856768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      1507136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      1941312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       585472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      4264000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       594368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst       635264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1325568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst       353856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst       417216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst       475904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      2018880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     22626944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      1623232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      48323904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    169088192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       169088192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker        19980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         2160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          71011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1921072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst           8645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data           9612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker        14528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         3550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          75887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data        1011261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          23549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          36398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          30333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          30802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst           9148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          16422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker        32657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          66625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data        1320333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst           9287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          16388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst           9926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          19979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          20712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          37694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst           5529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data           7741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst           6519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          13837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst           7436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          11272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker          999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker         1627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          31545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          29965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        19410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        16786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         353546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         296450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker          729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          25363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          33003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             5684782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2642003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2642003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker          309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           33                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            29665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker          224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           55                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst             1172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data            15616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker          504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst             1029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data            20389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               85                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             5460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             4578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 87785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst         1172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          141                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst         1029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           85                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         5460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            11660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           40798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                40798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           40798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker          309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           29665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker          224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           55                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst            1172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data           15616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker          504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst            1029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data           20389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              85                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            5460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            4578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               128583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         676383160854702.375000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           676383160854702.375000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891627716880500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         676383160854702.375000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           676383160854702.375000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891627716880500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         676383160854702.375000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           676383160854702.375000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891627716880500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         676383160854702.375000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           676383160854702.375000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891627716880500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8323                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34091008                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8323                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                  865714                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong              865714                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       865714                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        865714    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       865714                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       863437     99.81%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          263      0.03%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         1367      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       865067                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       865714                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       865714                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       865067                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       865067                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1730781                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                  499312207                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   848526                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                 566174786                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   17188                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    449                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 3451                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     186                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses              500160733                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses             566191974                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                      1065486993                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                        865714                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                  1066352707                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   97038                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               97038                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        97038                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         97038    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        97038                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        96690     99.70%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          292      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        96982                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        97038                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        97038                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        96982                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        96982                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       194020                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                 9874839462                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    97038                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    279                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses             9874936500                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                      9874839462                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         97038                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                  9874936500                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             11869                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5935                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   697397992492.627075                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  5858940934572.708984                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2011     33.88%     33.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3803     64.08%     97.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.02%     97.98% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.02%     97.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     98.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.02%     98.03% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          117      1.97%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          5935                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  5447576655758                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4139057085443742                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   21782954765657                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   5935                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                9874934021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                 10895154408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts            9829631282                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses          9920684244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses              130192                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                 462241384                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts   1049302962                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                 9920684244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                     130192                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads       14868859046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes       7570968757                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            181501                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes           109495                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads        32503506498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes        7533397918                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                  1144440847                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 578057683                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                566383164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             21754323041161.152344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             28631724495.849323                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.001314                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.998686                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                      1467638599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                5174      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu              9629684037     88.38%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult              119925855      1.10%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   35692      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                  17384      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                  37148      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                  20696      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                 17457      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           972541      0.01%     89.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              578057683      5.31%     94.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             566383164      5.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total              10895156831                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         455.437904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs        1066329302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7653753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs          139.321102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   455.437904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.889527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      2140316581                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses     2140316581                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    493049811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     493049811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data    564849165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    564849165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data        99621                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        99621                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         1749                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1749                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       325265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       325265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       316770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       316770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data   1057900725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total     1057900725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data   1058000346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total    1058000346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      6654509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6654509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       992554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       992554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        13313                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13313                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        12082                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12082                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         4854                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4854                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data         9609                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9609                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      7659145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      7659145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      7672458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      7672458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    499704320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    499704320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data    565841719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    565841719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       112934                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       112934                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        13831                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13831                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       330119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       330119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       326379                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       326379                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data   1065559870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1065559870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data   1065672804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1065672804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.013317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.001754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.117883                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.117883                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.873545                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.873545                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014704                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014704                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.029441                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029441                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1369131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1369131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              7610233                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs        9874936444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         6965847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         1417.621783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses     19756838735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses    19756838735                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst   9867970597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    9867970597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst   9867970597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total     9867970597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst   9867970597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total    9867970597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      6965847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6965847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      6965847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      6965847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      6965847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      6965847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst   9874936444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   9874936444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst   9874936444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total   9874936444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst   9874936444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total   9874936444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      6965335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         6965335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              6965335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                     913                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong                 913                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          913                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           913    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          913                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          832     98.70%     98.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            8      0.95%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            3      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          843                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          913                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          913                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1756                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                     565657                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                      798                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                    431501                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                     115                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                     34                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                   36                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                      21                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                 566455                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                431616                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                          997158                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                           913                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                      998071                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                    3183                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong                3183                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3183                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3183    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3183                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3149     99.65%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3160                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3160                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3160                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6343                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                    2550312                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                     3183                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                2553495                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                         2550312                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                          3183                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                     2553495                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               271                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          136                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   30474287784836.640625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  40873878900428.140625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           43     31.62%     31.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           43     31.62%     63.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.74%     63.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           49     36.03%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           136                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1523361717                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144503138737783                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8288612650330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    136                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   2553256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     3046536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts                361631                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             2839792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                3510                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                    176190                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       345370                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    2839792                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                       3510                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads           4032356                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          2283463                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads              3657                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes             1914                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads             614736                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes            609598                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                      996360                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                    564800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   431560                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8288609603752.368164                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             3046577.631827                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                          542391                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                  70      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                 2042138     67.03%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                   6136      0.20%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                     887      0.03%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                    215      0.01%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                    464      0.02%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                    280      0.01%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                   198      0.01%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 564800     18.54%     85.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                431560     14.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                  3046752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         363.968692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs            995669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           33354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.851562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   363.968692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.710876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2028532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2028532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data       518557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        518557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data       408697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       408697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        10217                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        10217                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data          246                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        11622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        11220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        11220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data       927500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         927500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data       937717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        937717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data        24766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data         6614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data          902                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          902                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data         2221                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2221                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data          486                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          486                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data        33601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        33601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data        34503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        34503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data       543323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       543323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data       415311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       415311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        11119                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        11119                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2467                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2467                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        11743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        11743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        11706                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        11706                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data       961101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       961101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       972220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       972220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.045582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.015925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.081122                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081122                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.900284                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.900284                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.010304                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010304                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.041517                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.041517                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.034961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.035489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           18017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                30955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.000038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs           2553472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs           43280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs           58.998891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.000038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses         5150224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses        5150224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst      2510192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2510192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst      2510192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        2510192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst      2510192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       2510192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst        43280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        43280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst        43280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total        43280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst        43280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total        43280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst      2553472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2553472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst      2553472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      2553472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst      2553472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      2553472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.016949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.016949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks        42768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total           42768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                42768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                  218909                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong              218909                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       218909                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        218909    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       218909                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    791004468                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     791004468    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    791004468                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       207388     98.83%     98.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1670      0.80%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          779      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       209837                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       218909                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       218909                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       209837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       209837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       428746                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                  385224756                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   196786                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                 339099899                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                   22123                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    744                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1401                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     183                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses              385421542                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses             339122022                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                       724324655                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                        218909                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                   724543564                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                  190675                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong              190675                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       190675                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        190675    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       190675                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    791310468                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0     791310468    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total    791310468                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       188903     99.18%     99.18% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1559      0.82%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       190462                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       190675                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       190675                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       190462                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       190462                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       381137                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                 3801304080                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                   190675                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    617                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses             3801494755                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                      3801304080                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                        190675                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                  3801494755                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               675                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          338                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   7422549590741.852539                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  97699869839237.375000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          182     53.85%     53.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          141     41.72%     95.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.30%     95.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.30%     96.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           13      3.85%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1782569965711000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           338                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1635682900428754                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2508821761670746                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21782962775857                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    338                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                3801483120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                  4354531409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts            3755566332                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses          3883540118                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses              160772                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                 254507031                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts    488161197                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                 3883540118                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                     160772                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        5774787699                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes       2644113420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            192349                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            67337                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads        12895378076                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes        2550515600                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   760517691                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                 416080854                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                344436837                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21771519327920.304688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             11443447936.695986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000525                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999475                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       755992316                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                3288      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu              3575137876     82.10%     82.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult               17964317      0.41%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   30461      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  10834      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  22171      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  13152      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 10738      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           832286      0.02%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              416080854      9.56%     92.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             344436821      7.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total               4354542831                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         198.238309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs         724517295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4310817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs          168.069601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    8380628683747500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   198.238309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.387184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.387184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1453363085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1453363085                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data    380795486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     380795486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data    337050837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    337050837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       147084                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       147084                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         3117                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3117                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data      1091248                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1091248                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data      1087382                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1087382                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data    717849440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total      717849440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data    717996524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total     717996524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      3362049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3362049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       371826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       371826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        16439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data       578931                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       578931                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         4546                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4546                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         8293                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8293                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      4312806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      4312806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      4329245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      4329245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data    384157535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    384157535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data    337422663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    337422663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       163523                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       163523                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data       582048                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       582048                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1095794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1095794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1095675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1095675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data    722162246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total    722162246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data    722325769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total    722325769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.001102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.100530                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.100530                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.994645                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.994645                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.004149                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004149                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.007569                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007569                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1734821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         1734821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              4289458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         310.201478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs        3801494542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         8308227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs          457.557857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    8380628683742500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   310.201478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.605862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.605862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      7611297311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     7611297311                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst   3793186315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    3793186315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst   3793186315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total     3793186315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst   3793186315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total    3793186315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      8308227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      8308227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      8308227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      8308227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      8308227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      8308227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst   3801494542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3801494542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst   3801494542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total   3801494542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst   3801494542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total   3801494542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      8307715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         8307715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              8307715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                    4657                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong                4657                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4657                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4657    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4657                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1285791828                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1285791828    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1285791828                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4293     97.99%     97.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           77      1.76%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           11      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4381                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         4657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         4381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         9038                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                    2854443                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                     3894                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                   2566392                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                     763                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    642                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  264                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     225                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                2858337                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses               2567155                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                         5420835                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                          4657                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                     5425492                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   14565                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               14565                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14565                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14565    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14565                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1343808828                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1343808828    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1343808828                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14398     99.46%     99.46% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           78      0.54%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14476                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        14565                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14565                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        14476                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14476                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        29041                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                   14061939                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    14565                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    384                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses               14076504                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                        14061939                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         14565                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                    14076504                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               549                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          275                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   15070895796679.126953                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  169819293122271.218750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          137     49.82%     49.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          124     45.09%     94.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.36%     95.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           13      4.73%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2298972910030000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           275                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    8318012740                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144496344086760                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21782906760264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    275                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                  14075015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                    16634623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts               7758690                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses            15289913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               74015                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                    694916                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      2093639                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                   15289913                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      74015                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          20776638                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes         11966728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             97423                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            53838                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            3854544                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           3802533                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     5417718                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   2851173                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                  2566545                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21782863042065.351562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             43718198.648437                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                         3027777                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                2663      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                11139178     66.96%     66.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  26861      0.16%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                    4477      0.03%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   8248      0.05%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  17030      0.10%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  10652      0.06%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  9196      0.06%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                2851173     17.14%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite               2566545     15.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                 16636023                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         235.305748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs           5422929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          133070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.752454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   235.305748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.459582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.459582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.740234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10980848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10980848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data      2687181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2687181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data      2478493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2478493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        35257                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        35257                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         2046                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2046                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        42137                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        42137                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        40549                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        40549                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data      5167720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5167720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data      5202977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5202977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data        89706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        89706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data        27267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         2947                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2947                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        14938                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14938                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          486                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          486                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         1922                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1922                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data       131911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       131911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data       134858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       134858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data      2776887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2776887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data      2505760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2505760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        38204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        38204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        16984                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16984                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        42623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        42623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        42471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        42471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data      5299631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5299631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      5337835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5337835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.032305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.010882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.077139                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.077139                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.879534                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.879534                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011402                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011402                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.045254                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045254                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.024891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.025265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        79546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           79546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               129430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         385.875753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs          14076415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          175868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           80.039660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   385.875753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.753664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.753664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses        28328698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses       28328698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst     13900547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13900547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst     13900547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13900547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst     13900547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13900547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       175868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       175868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       175868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       175868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       175868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       175868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst     14076415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14076415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst     14076415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     14076415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst     14076415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     14076415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.012494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.012494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.012494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       175356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          175356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               175356                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   53548                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               53548                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        53548                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         53548    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        53548                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        52498     98.23%     98.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          895      1.67%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           51      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        53444                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        53548                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        53548                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        53444                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        53444                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       106992                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    5313910                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    50962                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                   4458063                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    2586                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    131                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1812                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      49                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                5364872                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses               4460649                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                         9771973                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         53548                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                     9825521                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   98454                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               98454                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        98454                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         98454    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        98454                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        97539     99.11%     99.11% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          875      0.89%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        98414                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        98454                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        98454                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        98414                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        98414                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       196868                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   26081362                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    98454                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                     63                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               26179816                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        26081362                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         98454                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    26179816                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              2001                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4140348628543.186035                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  16173438283713.736328                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          130     12.99%     12.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          779     77.82%     90.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.10%     90.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.10%     91.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.20%     91.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.20%     91.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           86      8.59%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   15684927771                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144488977171729                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21782858768376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   1001                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  26176095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    31366796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts               7874872                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            28889939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              587186                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   1906929                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      3616115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   28889939                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     587186                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          41157950                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         22859715                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            857415                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes           524240                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            6193188                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           5997940                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     9806983                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   5348335                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                  4458648                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21782776330937.402344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             82437438.597597                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         5826983                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               25645      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                21002174     66.95%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  61480      0.20%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   16860      0.05%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  85692      0.27%     67.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 183316      0.58%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 102580      0.33%     68.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 85743      0.27%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                5348335     17.05%     85.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite               4458648     14.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 31370477                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         381.819116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs           9821097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          356235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.569152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   381.819116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.745740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.745740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        20001757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       20001757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data      4935418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4935418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data      4272450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      4272450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        55080                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        55080                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         4182                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         4182                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        93653                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        93653                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        86778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        86778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data      9212050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        9212050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data      9267130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       9267130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       264830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       264830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        62780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        62780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        11767                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        11767                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        22830                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22830                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         2329                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2329                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         9000                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9000                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       350440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       350440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data       362207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       362207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data      5200248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5200248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data      4335230                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4335230                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        66847                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        66847                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        27012                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        27012                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        95982                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        95982                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        95778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        95778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data      9562490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9562490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      9629337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9629337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.050926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.014481                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014481                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.176029                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.176029                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.845180                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.845180                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.024265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.093967                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.093967                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.036647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.037615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       148323                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          148323                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               343245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.459505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          26179776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          937949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           27.911727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.459505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.998944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses        53297501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses       53297501                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     25241827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      25241827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     25241827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       25241827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     25241827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      25241827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       937949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       937949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       937949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       937949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       937949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       937949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     26179776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26179776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     26179776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     26179776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     26179776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     26179776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.035827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.035827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.035827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       937437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          937437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               937437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    1238                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                1238                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1238                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1238    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1238                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -308508420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -308508420    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -308508420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1066     98.70%     98.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           12      1.11%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1080                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1238                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1238                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2318                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                    1063656                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                     1011                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                    817048                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     227                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    172                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   37                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      96                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                1064667                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                817275                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         1880704                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          1238                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     1881942                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    5514                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                5514                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5514                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5514    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5514                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -308513420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -308513420    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -308513420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5424     99.60%     99.60% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           22      0.40%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5446                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         5514                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5514                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         5446                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5446                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        10960                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                    4790592                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     5514                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                4796106                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                         4790592                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          5514                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                     4796106                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               405                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          203                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   12369380989140.339844                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  29836675279568.695312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           81     39.90%     39.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           90     44.33%     84.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.49%     84.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           31     15.27%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 89063135151000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           203                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1633520321304011                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2510984340795489                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21782834760207                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    203                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   4795528                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     5697369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts               1039894                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             5291378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               36648                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    296948                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       666841                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    5291378                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      36648                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           7375125                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          4227429                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             52882                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            32014                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            1127211                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           1112283                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1878418                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   1061206                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   817212                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21782819786686.355469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             14973520.647135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                         1014179                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                1500      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 3776153     66.27%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  12742      0.22%     66.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                    1141      0.02%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   5274      0.09%     66.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                  11344      0.20%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   6000      0.11%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  5307      0.09%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                1061206     18.62%     85.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                817212     14.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  5697879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         237.246153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           1880674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           58552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.119723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    8380640527157500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   237.246153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.463371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.463371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3819900                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3819900                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data       974796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        974796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data       775189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       775189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        21567                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        21567                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          620                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          620                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        23824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        22091                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        22091                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      1750605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1750605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      1772172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1772172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        13087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         1361                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1361                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data         3823                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3823                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          208                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          208                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         1821                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1821                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data        59197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        59197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data        60558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        60558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data      1017083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1017083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data       788276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       788276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        22928                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        22928                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data         4443                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4443                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        24032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        24032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        23912                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        23912                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      1809802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1809802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      1832730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1832730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.041577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.016602                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016602                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.059360                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.059360                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.860455                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.860455                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.076154                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076154                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.032709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.033043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        31811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           31811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         310.200021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs           4796038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           84666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           56.646564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    8380640527152500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   310.200021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.605859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.605859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses         9676742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses        9676742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst      4711372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4711372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst      4711372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        4711372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst      4711372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       4711372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        84666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        84666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        84666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        84666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        84666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        84666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst      4796038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4796038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst      4796038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      4796038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      4796038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      4796038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.017653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.017653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.017653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        84154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           84154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                84154                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                 1234076                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong             1234076                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1234076                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1234076    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1234076                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -375825328                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -375825328    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -375825328                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1230052     99.95%     99.95% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          249      0.02%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          316      0.03%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1230617                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1234076                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1234076                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1230617                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1230617                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2464693                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                  106281668                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                  1119732                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                  48369546                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                  114344                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    511                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  828                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     199                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses              107401400                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses              48483890                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                       154651214                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                       1234076                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                   155885290                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   40813                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               40813                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40813                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40813    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40813                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -435620328                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -435620328    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -435620328                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40531     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          118      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40649                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        40813                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40813                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        40649                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40649                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        81462                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                  461128463                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    40813                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    256                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses              461169276                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                       461128463                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         40813                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                   461169276                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              1704                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          852                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4864135200065.471680                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  57978653357572.726562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          747     87.68%     87.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           74      8.69%     96.36% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           31      3.64%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1633508752645000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           852                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  261471643718                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144243190455782                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21783255434614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    852                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 461164394                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   522938462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts             420245429                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           483281288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses              422359                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  19054065                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts     53727369                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  483281288                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                     422359                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads         669965404                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        418940608                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            552090                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes           366515                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads          155376609                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         152530000                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                   155786891                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                 107306265                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 48480626                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21781881156177.714844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             1374278436.285196                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000063                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999937                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                        78502865                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               14022      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu               362679009     69.35%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                4132352      0.79%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   13421      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                    85      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                 48017      0.01%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                 5339      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc              5333      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                 10672      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                10684      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                  41887      0.01%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                 104110      0.02%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                  56088      0.01%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                 35270      0.01%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead              107306265     20.52%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite              48480626      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                522943180                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         260.372939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs         155871838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2860957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           54.482412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   260.372939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.508541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.508541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       314611801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      314611801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data    104553893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     104553893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data     47588065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     47588065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data       207909                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       207909                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data        58056                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        58056                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       296115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       296115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data       294029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       294029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data    152200014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total      152200014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data    152407923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total     152407923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data      2319687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2319687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       355440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       355440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data        17426                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        17426                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data       173794                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       173794                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data         2732                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2732                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         4692                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4692                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data      2848921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total      2848921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data      2866347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total      2866347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data    106873580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    106873580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data     47943505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     47943505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data       225335                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       225335                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data       231850                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       231850                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       298847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       298847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       298721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       298721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data    155048935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total    155048935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data    155274270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total    155274270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.021705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.007414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.077334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.077334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.749597                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.749597                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.009142                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009142                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.015707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.018374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.018460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       761104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          761104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements              2853085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         385.875683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs         461169112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          727203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          634.168330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   385.875683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.753663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.753663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses       923065427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses      923065427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst    460441909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     460441909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst    460441909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total      460441909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst    460441909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total     460441909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       727203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       727203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       727203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       727203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       727203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       727203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst    461169112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    461169112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst    461169112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total    461169112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst    461169112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total    461169112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.001577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.001577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.001577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       726691                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          726691                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               726691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    1690                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                1690                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1690                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1690    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1690                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1826897672                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1826897672    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1826897672                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1507     98.24%     98.24% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           24      1.56%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            3      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1534                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1690                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1690                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3224                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    1247491                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     1453                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                    933242                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     237                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    144                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   58                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                      51                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                1248944                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                933479                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         2180733                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          1690                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     2182423                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                    6317                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong                6317                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         6317                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          6317    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         6317                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         6237     99.78%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         6251                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         6317                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         6317                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         6251                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         6251                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        12568                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                    5728863                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                     6317                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                     65                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                5735180                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                         5728863                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                          6317                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                     5735180                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               481                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          241                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   17197100744470.992188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  30052032214468.792969                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           66     27.39%     27.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          102     42.32%     69.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.41%     70.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           72     29.88%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           241                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3382681991                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144501279417509                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   21782898760603                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    241                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   5734622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     6764894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts               1189598                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             6248821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                8355                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    378121                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       844641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    6248821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                       8355                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           8748431                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          4999628                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads              8696                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             4581                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            1511049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           1502298                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     2178050                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   1244682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   933368                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             21782880981783.207031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             17778819.793378                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         1279494                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 181      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 4568537     67.53%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  13773      0.20%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                    2020      0.03%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    515      0.01%     67.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   1041      0.02%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                    724      0.01%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   545      0.01%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                1244682     18.40%     86.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                933368     13.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  6765386                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         365.536739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           2181715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           69042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.599823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   365.536739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.713939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.713939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4432472                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4432472                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      1146799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1146799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data       888307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       888307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        22014                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        22014                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          585                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          585                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        26412                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        26412                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        25591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        25591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      2035691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2035691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      2057705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2057705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data        51691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        51691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        12209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         1346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data         5552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          263                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          263                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data          946                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          946                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data        69452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        69452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data        70798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        70798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      1198490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1198490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data       900516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       900516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        23360                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        23360                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data         6137                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6137                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        26675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        26537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      2105143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2105143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      2128503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2128503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.043130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.057620                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.057620                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.904677                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.904677                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.009859                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009859                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.035648                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035648                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.032992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.033262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           35781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                64940                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         492.406396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs           5735114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs           86324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           66.437074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   492.406396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.961731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        11556552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       11556552                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst      5648790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5648790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst      5648790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        5648790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst      5648790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       5648790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst        86324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        86324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst        86324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total        86324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst        86324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total        86324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst      5735114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5735114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst      5735114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      5735114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst      5735114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      5735114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.015052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.015052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.015052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks        85812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total           85812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                85812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                    2777                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong                2777                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2777                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2777    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2777                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    176894376                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     176894376    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    176894376                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2013     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           16      0.79%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2029                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2777                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2777                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         2029                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2029                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4806                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                    1380465                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                     2462                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                    870800                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     315                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    261                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                   53                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     136                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                1382927                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                871115                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                         2251265                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                          2777                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                     2254042                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                    4571                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong                4571                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4571                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4571    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4571                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    122898876                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0     122898876    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total    122898876                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4448     99.53%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           21      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4469                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         4571                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4571                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         4469                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4469                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         9040                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                    6333482                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                     4571                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    121                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                6338053                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                         6333482                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                          4571                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                     6338053                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               251                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          126                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   32892865299661.339844                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  261247244245475.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           55     43.65%     43.65% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           67     53.17%     96.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.79%     97.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      2.38%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2448544010908500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           126                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3634342171                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144501027757329                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21782898768540                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    126                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   6336783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     7267444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts               2175104                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             6588317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               13678                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                    292114                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts      1251318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    6588317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      13678                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads           9019171                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          5202538                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads             17876                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            11042                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            2038635                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           2029233                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     2249363                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   1378325                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   871038                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21782879667031.804688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             19101508.196166                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                         1592687                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                 537      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 4999224     68.78%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                   9683      0.13%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    1070      0.01%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   1619      0.02%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                   3312      0.05%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   2148      0.03%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  1656      0.02%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                1378325     18.96%     88.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                871038     11.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  7268612                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         241.417807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs           2252955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           69005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.649156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   241.417807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.471519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.471519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4574915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4574915                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data      1269001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1269001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data       817325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        29796                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        29796                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data          328                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          328                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        32600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        32600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        30876                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30876                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data      2086654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2086654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data      2116450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2116450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data        49148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        49148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data        15773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         1358                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1358                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data         4717                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4717                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         1836                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1836                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data        69638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        69638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data        70996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        70996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1318149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1318149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data       833098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       833098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        31154                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        31154                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data         5045                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5045                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        32797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        32797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        32712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        32712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data      2156292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2156292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      2187446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2187446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.037286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018933                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018933                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.043590                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.043590                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.934985                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.934985                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.006007                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006007                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.056126                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056126                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.032295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.032456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        39122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           39122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                66588                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         385.875307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs           6337951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs           52539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          120.633263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   385.875307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.753663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.753663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses        12728441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses       12728441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst      6285412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       6285412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst      6285412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        6285412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst      6285412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       6285412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst        52539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        52539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst        52539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total        52539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst        52539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total        52539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst      6337951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6337951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst      6337951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      6337951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst      6337951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      6337951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.008290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.008290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.008290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks        52027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total           52027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                52027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    8855                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                8855                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8855                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8855    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8855                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    444941876                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     444941876    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    444941876                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8430     98.19%     98.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           89      1.04%     99.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           66      0.77%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8585                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8855                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8855                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8585                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8585                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17440                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    3149228                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     8293                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   2146423                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     562                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    204                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  234                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     104                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                3157521                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               2146985                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         5295651                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          8855                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     5304506                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   13005                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               13005                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13005                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13005    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13005                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    391222876                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0     391222876    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total    391222876                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12822     99.41%     99.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           76      0.59%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12898                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13005                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13005                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25903                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   14213765                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    13005                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               14226770                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        14213765                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         13005                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    14226770                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               779                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          390                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   10626913666219.261719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  148890914931362.812500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          249     63.85%     63.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          137     35.13%     98.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.26%     99.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.77%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2448544672239500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           390                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    8332273988                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144496329825512                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21782898766510                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    390                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  14225922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    16663801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               5238611                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            15428366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               15783                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    721754                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      2185946                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   15428366                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      15783                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          21973104                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         12414270                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             16900                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes             7235                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            4007739                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           3960615                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     5296595                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   3150099                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  2146496                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21782854973372.402344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             43793137.598860                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         3044057                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 298      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                11326609     67.97%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  30259      0.18%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    6033      0.04%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                    857      0.01%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   1829      0.01%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   1192      0.01%     68.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                   868      0.01%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                3150099     18.90%     87.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               2146496     12.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 16664542                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         267.755551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           5256687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          149135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.247843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   267.755551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.522960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.522960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.853516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10753905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10753905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      2927426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2927426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      2001436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2001436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        48382                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        48382                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1334                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1334                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        63340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        63340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        62618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        62618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      4930196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4930196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      4978578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4978578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       113306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        26015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         3484                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3484                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data         7484                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7484                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          603                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          603                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         1197                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1197                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       146805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       146805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       150289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       150289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      3040732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3040732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      2027451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2027451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        51866                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        51866                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data         8818                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         8818                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        63943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        63943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        63815                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        63815                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      5077001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5077001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      5128867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5128867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.037263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.067173                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.067173                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.848719                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.848719                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.009430                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009430                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.018757                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018757                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.028916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.029303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        79526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           79526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               146172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         385.875286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          14226663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          193654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           73.464338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   385.875286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.753663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.753663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        28646980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       28646980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     14033009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14033009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     14033009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       14033009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     14033009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      14033009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       193654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       193654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       193654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       193654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       193654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       193654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     14226663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14226663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     14226663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     14226663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     14226663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     14226663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       193142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          193142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               193142                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                    2087                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong                2087                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2087                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2087    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2087                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    876847768                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     876847768    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    876847768                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1483     98.74%     98.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           12      0.80%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            7      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1502                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2087                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2087                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1502                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1502                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3589                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                     828006                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                     1976                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                    460518                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     111                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                     29                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                   61                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                      20                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                 829982                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                460629                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         1288524                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                          2087                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     1290611                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                    2901                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong                2901                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2901                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2901    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2901                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    877153768                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0     877153768    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total    877153768                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2858     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2869                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2901                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2901                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2869                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2869                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5770                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                    3976208                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                     2901                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                3979109                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                         3976208                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                          2901                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                     3979109                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               169                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           85                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3132094373.905882                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  18005513280.752537                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           47     55.29%     55.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           37     43.53%     98.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      1.18%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 166336321500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            85                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144238434077718                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 266228021782                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21782922761203                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                     85                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   3978359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     4450995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts               1611211                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             3960994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                3215                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    162926                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       916792                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    3960994                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                       3215                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads           5496177                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          3096661                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads              3412                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes             1679                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            1476174                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           1472463                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     1288512                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                    827930                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   460582                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21782911062418.968750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             11698784.033008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         1103395                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                  66      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 3155873     70.89%     70.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                   5540      0.12%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                     658      0.01%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                    196      0.00%     71.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     71.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                    412      0.01%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                    264      0.01%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                   192      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 827930     18.60%     89.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                460582     10.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  4451713                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           0.026134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           1285936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           30744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           41.827218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891359263007000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     0.026134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.791016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2610168                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2610168                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data       777692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        777692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data       434012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       434012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        12930                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        12930                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data          290                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        14704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        14590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      1211994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1211994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      1224924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1224924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data        23047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        23047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data         5383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data          754                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          754                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         2184                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2184                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data          206                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          206                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data        30614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        30614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data        31368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        31368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data       800739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data       439395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       439395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        13684                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        13684                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        14848                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14848                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        14796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      1242608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1242608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      1256292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1256292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.028782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.055101                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.055101                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.882781                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.882781                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.009698                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009698                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013923                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013923                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.024637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.024969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           18100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                29650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse           0.033155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs           3979077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs           39357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          101.102142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891359263002000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     0.033155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses         7997511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses        7997511                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst      3939720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       3939720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst      3939720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        3939720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst      3939720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       3939720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst        39357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        39357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst        39357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total        39357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst        39357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total        39357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst      3979077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3979077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst      3979077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      3979077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst      3979077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      3979077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38845                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total           38845                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                38845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                    2408                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong                2408                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2408                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2408    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2408                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -2064542920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -2064542920    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -2064542920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1705     99.13%     99.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      0.81%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1720                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2408                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2408                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1720                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1720                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4128                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    1190667                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                     2163                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                    720322                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     245                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    213                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                   40                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                      83                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                1192830                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                720567                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         1910989                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                          2408                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     1913397                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                    3898                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong                3898                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3898                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3898    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3898                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -2065172920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -2065172920    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -2065172920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3807     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3822                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3822                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3822                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7720                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                    5522134                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                     3898                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                5526032                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                         5522134                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                          3898                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                     5526032                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               207                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   24144094863893.171875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  240118942376066.218750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           53     50.96%     50.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           48     46.15%     97.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.96%     98.08% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      1.92%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2448560416298500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1633518796254610                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2510985865844890                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21782930766276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    104                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   5524958                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     6279650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts               2143231                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             5657555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               12741                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    239892                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      1145004                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    5657555                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      12741                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads           7740124                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          4450676                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             16859                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            10464                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            1861098                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           1852275                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     1909508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   1189010                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   720498                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21782914261089.574219                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             16505186.425705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         1427604                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 513      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 4352229     69.30%     69.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                   9081      0.14%     69.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                     957      0.02%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   1550      0.02%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   3172      0.05%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   2052      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  1586      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                1189010     18.93%     88.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                720498     11.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  6280648                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         236.085526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           1912461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           53045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.053558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    8380638710700000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   236.085526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.461105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.461105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.849609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3877967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3877967                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      1104252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1104252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data       679028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        22921                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        22921                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data          341                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          341                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        25518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        25518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        24015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        24015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      1783621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1783621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      1806542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1806542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data        38116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        38116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        11269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         1090                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1090                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data         4110                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4110                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         1614                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1614                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data        53495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        53495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data        54585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        54585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      1142368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1142368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data       690297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       690297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        24011                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        24011                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4451                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4451                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        25705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        25705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        25629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        25629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      1837116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1837116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      1861127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1861127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.033366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.016325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.045396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.045396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.923388                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.923388                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.007275                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007275                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.062976                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062976                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.029119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.029329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           29694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                51311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         310.200238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs           5525956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs           46039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          120.027716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    8380638710695000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   310.200238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.605860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.605860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        11097951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       11097951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst      5479917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5479917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst      5479917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        5479917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst      5479917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       5479917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst        46039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        46039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst        46039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total        46039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst        46039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total        46039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst      5525956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5525956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst      5525956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      5525956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst      5525956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      5525956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.008331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.008331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.008331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks        45527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total           45527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                45527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                     870                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                 870                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          870                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           870    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          870                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1761213920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1761213920    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1761213920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          759     99.09%     99.09% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            6      0.78%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          766                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          870                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          870                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          766                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          766                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1636                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                     838977                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                      681                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                    615971                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     189                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    242                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   28                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      55                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                 839658                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                616160                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         1454948                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                           870                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     1455818                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                    3248                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong                3248                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3248                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3248                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1819711420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1819711420    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1819711420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3179     99.28%     99.28% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           23      0.72%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3202                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3248                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3248                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3202                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3202                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6450                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                    3729522                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                     3248                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                3732770                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                         3729522                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                          3248                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                     3732770                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               323                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          162                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   15499916847389.179688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  32716421973100.640625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           58     35.80%     35.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           73     45.06%     80.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.62%     81.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           30     18.52%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           162                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1633518132822453                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2510986529277047                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21782898766856                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    162                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   3732418                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     4343137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts               1421731                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             4012103                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               14970                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    201500                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       536993                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    4012103                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      14970                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads           5451699                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          3186803                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             20979                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            13159                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads             944163                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes            920472                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     1453340                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    837218                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   616122                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21782887352669.554688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             11414186.448196                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          787100                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 671      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 2867873     66.03%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                   9517      0.22%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    1034      0.02%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   2045      0.05%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   4180      0.10%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   2684      0.06%     66.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  2099      0.05%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 837218     19.28%     85.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                616122     14.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  4343443                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         226.588346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           1455370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           38647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.658033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    8380639015898000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   226.588346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.442555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.442555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2949387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2949387                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data       781806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        781806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data       588278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       588278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        13626                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        13626                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          211                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          211                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        15765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        14518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      1370295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1370295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      1383921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1383921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data        27114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data         7270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data          898                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          898                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data         4343                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4343                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         1349                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1349                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data        38727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        38727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data        39625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        39625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data       808920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       808920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data       595548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       595548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        14524                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        14524                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data         4554                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4554                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        15957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        15867                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15867                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      1409022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1409022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      1423546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.033519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.061829                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.061829                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.953667                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.953667                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012032                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012032                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.085019                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.085019                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           20906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36067                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         310.200201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs           3732724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs           39876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           93.608286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    8380639015893000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   310.200201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.605860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.605860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses         7505324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses        7505324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst      3692848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       3692848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst      3692848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        3692848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst      3692848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       3692848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst        39876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        39876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst        39876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total        39876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst        39876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total        39876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst      3732724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3732724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst      3732724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      3732724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst      3732724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      3732724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.010683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.010683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.010683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks        39364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total           39364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                39364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   31471                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               31471                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        31471                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         31471    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        31471                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        30846     98.28%     98.28% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          522      1.66%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           19      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31387                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        31471                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        31471                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        31387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        62858                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    3651083                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    29925                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   3056373                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    1546                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    111                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1050                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      42                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                3681008                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               3057919                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                         6707456                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         31471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                     6738927                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   63090                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               63090                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        63090                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         63090    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        63090                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        62526     99.17%     99.17% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          526      0.83%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        63052                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        63090                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        63090                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        63052                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        63052                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       126142                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                   17563577                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    63090                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                     61                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses               17626667                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                        17563577                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         63090                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                    17626667                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              2031                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1016                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4079226447052.989258                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  15641159626124.835938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          250     24.61%     24.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          673     66.24%     90.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.10%     90.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.10%     91.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           91      8.96%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409833192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1016                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10591893663                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144494070205837                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   21782690763913                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   1016                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                  17624281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    21181973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts               4842526                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            19627564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              309153                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   1353126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      2353522                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   19627564                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     309153                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          27752441                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes         15542427                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            448905                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           272876                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            3918927                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           3810318                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     6728036                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   3671279                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  3056757                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             21782635095082.765625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             55668830.234008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                         3916560                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               13289      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                14155698     66.82%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  38262      0.18%     67.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   11207      0.05%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  44570      0.21%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  95299      0.45%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  53156      0.25%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                 44804      0.21%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                3671279     17.33%     85.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               3056757     14.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 21184321                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.822360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs           6736834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          239204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.163551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   431.822360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.843403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13712872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13712872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      3390154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3390154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      2931650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2931650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        39321                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        39321                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         2310                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2310                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data        63395                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        63395                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        60002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        60002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data      6324114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        6324114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data      6363435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       6363435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       176887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data        43200                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        43200                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data         7800                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7800                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        14973                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14973                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         2067                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2067                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data         5075                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5075                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       235060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       235060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       242860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       242860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      3567041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3567041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      2974850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2974850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        47121                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        47121                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        17283                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17283                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        65462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        65462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data        65077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        65077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data      6559174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6559174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      6606295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6606295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.049589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.165531                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.165531                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.866343                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.866343                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.031576                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031576                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.077985                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077985                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       102318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          102318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               228690                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         503.984671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs          17626629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          608011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           28.990642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   503.984671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.984345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        35861269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       35861269                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst     17018618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      17018618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst     17018618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       17018618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst     17018618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      17018618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       608011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       608011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       608011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       608011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       608011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       608011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     17626629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17626629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst     17626629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     17626629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     17626629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     17626629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.034494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.034494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.034494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       607499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          607499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               607499                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  285570                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              285570                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       285570                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        285570    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       285570                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       283215     99.18%     99.18% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2286      0.80%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           69      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       285570                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       285570                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       285570                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       285570                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       285570                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       571140                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   62940083                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   259198                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  55739708                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   26372                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    125                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                11497                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                      61                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               63199281                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              55766080                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       118679791                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        285570                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   118965361                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 1170391                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             1170391                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1170391                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1170391    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1170391                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1165924     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         4467      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1170391                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1170391                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1170391                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1170391                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1170391                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2340782                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  292650349                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  1170391                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              293820740                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       292650349                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       1170391                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   293820740                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             41255                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        20628                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   200907907708.309479                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2402839654447.987305                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        19493     94.50%     94.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          981      4.76%     99.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.00%     99.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.00%     99.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          152      0.74%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161744360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         20628                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  176341892492                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144328320207008                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   21782690848689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  20628                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 293745419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   352609000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              44550015                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           329906606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             1788039                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  24683279                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     42018049                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  329906606                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    1788039                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         469825864                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        254396607                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           2265310                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          1368869                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads           62916039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes          62395290                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   118753029                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  63027910                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 55725119                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             21781764030884.902344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             926817804.097541                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000043                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999957                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                        69280177                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               60639      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               232393469     65.89%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 348672      0.10%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   63222      0.02%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 198219      0.06%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 421656      0.12%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 242556      0.07%     66.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                202859      0.06%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               63027910     17.87%     84.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              55725119     15.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                352684321                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         496.180461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         118961055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3471400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.268899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   496.180461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.969102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       241393510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      241393510                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     58371924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      58371924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     53605078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     53605078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       843441                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       843441                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        40476                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        40476                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1280448                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1280448                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1320059                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1320059                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    112017478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      112017478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    112860919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     112860919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      2484348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2484348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       605766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       605766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       165951                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       165951                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       181794                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       181794                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        50776                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        50776                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        10994                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10994                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      3271908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      3271908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      3437859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      3437859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     60856272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     60856272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     54210844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     54210844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1009392                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1009392                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       222270                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       222270                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1331224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1331224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1331053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    115289386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    115289386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    116298778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    116298778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.040823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.011174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.164407                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164407                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.817897                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.817897                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.038142                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.038142                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.008260                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008260                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.028380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.029561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1841335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         1841335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              3447995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.736580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         293820740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        11279746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.048524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.736580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses       598921226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses      598921226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    282540994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     282540994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    282540994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      282540994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    282540994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     282540994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     11279746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11279746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     11279746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     11279746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     11279746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     11279746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    293820740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    293820740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    293820740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    293820740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    293820740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    293820740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.038390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.038390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.038390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11279234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        11279234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             11279234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   12698                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               12698                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12698                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12698    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12698                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12321     98.28%     98.28% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          199      1.59%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           16      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12536                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        12698                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12698                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12536                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12536                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25234                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    2778145                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    11871                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   2255500                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                     827                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    697                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  508                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     158                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                2790016                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               2256327                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                         5033645                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         12698                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                     5046343                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   31899                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               31899                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        31899                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         31899    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        31899                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31610     99.31%     99.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          221      0.69%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31831                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        31899                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        31899                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        31831                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31831                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        63730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   12863613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    31899                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3743                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    41                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    627                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               12895512                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        12863613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         31899                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    12895512                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              1691                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          846                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4898932558034.843750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  17637890964778.660156                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          301     35.58%     35.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          467     55.20%     90.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.12%     90.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           77      9.10%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           846                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    7718002022                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144496944097478                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   21782794766747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                    846                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  12893813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    15434688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts               2831529                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            14376275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              121926                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                    966814                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      1729106                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   14376275                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     121926                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          20137597                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         11397302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            174265                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           104711                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads            2862281                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           2787078                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                     5037481                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   2781752                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  2255729                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             21782754202324.968750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             40564422.031909                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                         2838744                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                5125      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                10269599     66.53%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                  26765      0.17%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                    6885      0.04%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  16968      0.11%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  35935      0.23%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  20500      0.13%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 17061      0.11%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                2781752     18.02%     85.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               2255729     14.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 15436319                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         427.024743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs           5044581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          161712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.194846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   427.024743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.834033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.834033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10250874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10250874                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data      2574934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2574934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      2157540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2157540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        39224                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        39224                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         1220                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1220                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        52212                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        52212                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        49186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        49186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data      4733694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4733694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data      4772918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4772918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       115468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       115468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        31892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        31892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         5819                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5819                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        11843                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        11843                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         1294                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1294                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data         3949                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3949                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       159203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       159203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       165022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       165022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      2690402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2690402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      2189432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2189432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        45043                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        45043                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        13063                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13063                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        53506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        53506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        53135                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        53135                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data      4892897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4892897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      4937940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4937940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.042918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.014566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.129188                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.129188                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.906606                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.906606                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.024184                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024184                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.074320                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074320                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.032538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.033419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        82131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           82131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               151910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.479811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          12895444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          339318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           38.004008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   508.479811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.993125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        26130206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       26130206                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     12556126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12556126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     12556126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12556126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     12556126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12556126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       339318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       339318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       339318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       339318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       339318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       339318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     12895444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12895444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     12895444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12895444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     12895444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12895444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.026313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.026313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.026313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       338806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          338806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               338806                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                11364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               11364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              541795                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             541795                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio         8580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        22620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         5284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        36484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1069834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1069834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1106318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio         8580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        12615                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         3963                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        25158                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34159144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34159144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34184302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                9.693796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 534917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               534917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         8380628857115001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide      9.693796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.605862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.605862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4814253                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4814253                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           2245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             2245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532672                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532672                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          534917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            534917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         534917                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           534917                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         2245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           2245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532672                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532672                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        534917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          534917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       534917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         534917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532640                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532640                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    534901                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                11882.383657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   57093242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  3918229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                    14.571186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     714.911683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    83.876894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    75.268721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    3055.016251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    5650.112453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    10.247626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    17.729140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst     541.422894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     343.614896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker     5.432669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker     3.962480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst     293.599288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     462.995977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker     3.593665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker     3.761886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     285.792452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     331.044683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.043635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.005119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.186463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.344855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.033046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.020973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.000332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.000242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.017920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.028259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.000219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.017443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.020205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.725243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995911                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                119338335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses               119338335                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2569457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       287802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker         1946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         8999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       567101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       545229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        10374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        40194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                4031102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3201515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3201515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     14279533                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total        14279533                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks           1022                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                1022                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           1731                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data             70                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          10911                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data            209                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               12921                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          167                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data         1611                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1991                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          414056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data            2269                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          318689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data           12476                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               747490                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      6894836                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst        34635                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      8232332                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       152319                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          15314122                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      5221469                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data        16388                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      2372504                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data        63533                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          7673894                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         4058                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data          132                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         9652                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         2137                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            15979                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2569457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       287802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst            6894836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data            5635525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker         1946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         8999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst              34635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data              18657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       567101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       545229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            8232332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data            2691193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        10374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        40194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             152319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data              76009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                27766608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2569457                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       287802                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst           6894836                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data           5635525                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker         1946                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         8999                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst             34635                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data             18657                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       567101                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       545229                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           8232332                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data           2691193                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        10374                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        40194                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            152319                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data             76009                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total               27766608                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        20036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        14538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         3557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                41046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        10359                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         1057                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         3451                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         1682                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16549                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         5462                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data          353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         1983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         1494                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        554647                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data          3020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data         27464                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         12352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total             597483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        71011                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst         8645                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        75887                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        23549                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          179092                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data      1407388                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data         8720                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       992348                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        27849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2436305                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data         8006                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data         2088                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data       569258                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        12768                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         592120                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        20036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            71011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          1962035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst             8645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data            11740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        14538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         3557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            75887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data          1019812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            23549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data            40201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               3253926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        20036                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2180                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           71011                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         1962035                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst            8645                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data           11740                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        14538                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         3557                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           75887                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data         1019812                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          233                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          205                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           23549                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data           40201                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              3253926                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2589493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       289982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         9171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       581639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       548786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        10607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        40399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            4072148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3201515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3201515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     14279533                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total     14279533                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks         1022                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total            1022                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        12090                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        14362                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         1891                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29470                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data         5629                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data          389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         3594                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         1671                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         11283                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       968703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data         5289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       346153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data        24828                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1344973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      6965847                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst        43280                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      8308219                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       175868                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      15493214                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      6628857                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        25108                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      3364852                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        91382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10110199                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        12064                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2220                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data       578910                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        14905                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       608099                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2589493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       289982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        6965847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        7597560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         9171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst          43280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data          30397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       581639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       548786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        8308219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        3711005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        10607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        40399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         175868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         116210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            31020534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2589493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       289982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       6965847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       7597560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         9171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst         43280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data         30397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       581639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       548786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       8308219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       3711005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        10607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        40399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        175868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        116210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           31020534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.060357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.018755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.024995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.010080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.856824                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.937888                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.240287                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.889476                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.561554                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.970332                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.907455                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.551753                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.894075                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.823540                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.572567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.570996                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.079341                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.497503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.444234                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.010194                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.199746                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.009134                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.133902                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011559                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.212312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.347300                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.294916                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.304754                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.240975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.663627                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.940541                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.983327                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.856625                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.973723                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.010194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.258245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.060357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.018755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.199746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.386222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.024995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.009134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.274807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.133902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.345934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.104896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.010194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.258245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.060357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.018755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.199746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.386222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.024995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.009134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.274807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.133902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.345934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.104896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1344269                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1344269                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       3842818                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                10804.467526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                   14100432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                  2285997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                     6.168176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1151.339353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    71.727812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    76.753475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    2794.128978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    2020.657788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    14.884325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    19.642374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     521.413320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    1336.383434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker     1.124952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker     1.256300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     218.905081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     236.445975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    17.238925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    15.155790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst    1045.143149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    1262.266494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.070272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.170540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.123331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.001199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.031825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.081566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.014432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.001052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.000925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.063790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.077043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.659452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15552                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.050781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                 30878445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                30878445                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       157967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       293533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        15855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      3645329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       116423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        17768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                4253134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       977019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total          977019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1531979                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total         1531979                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data             41                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data             48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           2047                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data             51                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2187                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data           46839                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data            4263                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data           85772                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data            5589                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total               142463                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       907508                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        75518                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       660433                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst        77037                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1720496                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       228647                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        27815                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       798345                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        35787                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1090594                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        19273                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data          940                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         6150                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data          687                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total            27050                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       157967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       293533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst             907508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data             275486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        15855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst              75518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data              32078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      3645329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       116423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             660433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data             884117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        17768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst              77037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data              41376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                 7206687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       157967                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       293533                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst            907508                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data            275486                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2748                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        15855                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst             75518                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data             32078                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker      3645329                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       116423                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            660433                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data            884117                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         3511                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        17768                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst             77037                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data             41376                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total                7206687                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        32746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                35288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         8038                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         2078                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         5982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         1685                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17783                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         8853                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         1586                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         4390                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data          615                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15444                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data          7555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data          6612                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data        261526                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data          4525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total             280218                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        30441                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst         9148                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        66770                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst         9287                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          115646                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        47535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        15241                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data      1540927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        15908                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        1619611                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         3557                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         2883                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data       167644                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         4842                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total         178926                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            30441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data            55090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst             9148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data            21853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        32746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            66770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data          1802453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst             9287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data            20433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total               2050763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          780                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          378                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           30441                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data           55090                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst            9148                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data           21853                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker        32746                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          888                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           66770                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data         1802453                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst            9287                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data           20433                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total              2050763                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       158747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       293911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        15980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      3678075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       117311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        17882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total            4288422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       977019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       977019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1531979                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1531979                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         8079                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         8029                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1736                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19970                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         8897                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         1700                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         4534                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data          678                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         15809                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        54394                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data        10875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       347298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        10114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           422681                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       937949                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        84666                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       727203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst        86324                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1836142                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       276182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        43056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data      2339272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        51695                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2710205                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        22830                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3823                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data       173794                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data         5529                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       205976                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       158747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       293911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         937949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         330576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        15980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst          84666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data          53931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      3678075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       117311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         727203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        2686570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        17882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst          86324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data          61809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total             9257450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       158747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       293911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        937949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        330576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        15980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst         84666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data         53931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker      3678075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       117311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        727203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       2686570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        17882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst         86324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data         61809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total            9257450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.049464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.008903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.031448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.994925                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.977422                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.745049                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.970622                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.890486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.995055                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.932941                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.968240                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.907080                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.976912                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.138894                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.608000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.753031                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.447400                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.662954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.032455                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.108048                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.091818                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.107583                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.062983                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.172115                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.353981                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.658721                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.307728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.597597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.155804                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.754120                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.964613                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.875746                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.868674                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.032455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.166649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.049464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.108048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.405203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.008903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.091818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.670912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.031448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.107583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.330583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.221526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.032455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.166649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.049464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.108048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.405203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.008903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.091818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.670912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.031448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.107583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.330583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.221526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks              501111                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                   501111                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                       2198053                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                 8281.134945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                    1273067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                   170396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     7.471226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     994.255772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    24.217592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    32.138683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     856.420258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    2431.857632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    15.145925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker     8.483266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    1207.735498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    1798.207106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst       0.037523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data       0.058557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker     7.881199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker     9.088270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst     302.477014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     593.130164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.060685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.001478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.001962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.052272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.148429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.000924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.000518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.073714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.109754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.000481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.018462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.036202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.505440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012573                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.907959                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                  2749388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                 2749388                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         5227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        12440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        35575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                  99077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       166442                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total          166442                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       263885                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total          263885                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data            488                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data             81                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            468                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data            412                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1449                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          108                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               403                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data            4812                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data           14533                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data            2689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data            3643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total                25677                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst        42547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       172628                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst        33736                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst        39462                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            288373                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        31076                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        80808                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        16704                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data        25423                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           154011                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data          739                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         2197                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data          525                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data          443                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             3904                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         5227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        12440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst              42547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data              35888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        35575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             172628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data              95341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst              33736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data              19393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst              39462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data              29066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                  567138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         5227                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        12440                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst             42547                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data             35888                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19961                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        35575                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            172628                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data             95341                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         8287                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst             33736                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data             19393                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4127                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10927                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst             39462                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data             29066                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                 567138                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                 1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         1650                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         1605                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          279                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         1305                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4839                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         1496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data          815                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         1386                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3848                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data          8769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data          9565                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data          1903                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data          5897                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total              26134                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst         9992                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        21026                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst         5621                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst         6577                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           43216                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        19189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        35961                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data         6992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        13683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          75825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data         3978                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data         5249                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         1659                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data         3667                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total          14553                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst             9992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data            27958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            21026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data            45526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst             5621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data             8895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst             6577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data            19580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total                146432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          184                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst            9992                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data           27958                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          332                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          218                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           21026                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data           45526                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst            5621                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data            8895                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker           65                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst            6577                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data           19580                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total               146432                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         5442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        12624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        20293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        35793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total             100334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       166442                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       166442                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       263885                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total       263885                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         1686                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data          747                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1717                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6288                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         1646                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data          923                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          4251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data        13581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        24098                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data         4592                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9540                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total            51811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst        52539                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       193654                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst        39357                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst        46039                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        331589                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        50265                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       116769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        23696                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        39106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       229836                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data         4717                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7446                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2184                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4110                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        18457                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         5442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        12624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst          52539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data          63846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        20293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        35793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         193654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         140867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst          39357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data          28288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst          46039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data          48646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total              713570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         5442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        12624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst         52539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data         63846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        20293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        35793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        193654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        140867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst         39357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data         28288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst         46039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data         48646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total             713570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.039508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.020116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.002288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.040009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.005913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.012528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.771749                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.951957                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.373494                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.760047                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.769561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.908870                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.882990                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.811828                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.926471                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.905199                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.645681                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.396921                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.414416                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.618134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.504410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.190183                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.108575                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.142821                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.130330                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.381757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.307967                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.295071                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.349895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.329909                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.843333                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.704942                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.759615                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.892214                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.788481                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.039508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.190183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.437897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.108575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.323184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.020116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.002288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.142821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.314444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.040009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.402500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.205210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.039508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.190183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.437897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.006091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.108575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.323184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.020116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.002288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.142821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.314444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.040009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.402500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.205210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks               41441                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                    41441                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                        138649                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                12862.377039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                   34689268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  1211433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    28.634904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2262.373303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     1.546878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     0.255061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     345.229372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     255.871155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    19.317869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    22.942921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    1087.946213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    1412.306176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    52.848875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    72.362665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    2544.343998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    2556.118841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    26.821933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    33.866440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst     924.454894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    1243.770444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.138084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.021071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.015617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.001179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.001400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.066403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.086200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.003226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.155294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.156013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.001637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.056424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.075914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.785057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008606                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.840454                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                 70750477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses                70750477                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         1879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         9077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        92278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       186704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       834757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      3489920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        35665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        93151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total                4743431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2046690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2046690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     10288238                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total        10288238                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data             52                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data            985                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data            946                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data            492                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2475                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          556                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          458                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              2021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data            2833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data           30415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data          511952                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data           15774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total               560974                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst        32440                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       576466                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     10926200                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       313955                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          11849061                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        15758                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       146615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      2432671                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data        88177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          2683221                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data          481                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        12088                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       149233                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data         4143                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total           165945                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         9077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst              32440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data              18591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        92278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       186704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst             576466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data             177030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       834757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      3489920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst           10926200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data            2944623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        35665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        93151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst             313955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data             103951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total                19836687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         1879                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         9077                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst             32440                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data             18591                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        92278                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       186704                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst            576466                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data            177030                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       834757                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      3489920                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst          10926200                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data           2944623                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        35665                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        93151                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst            313955                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data            103951                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total               19836687                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         1017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        19419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        16786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total                40589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data          803                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         2585                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        13244                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         2774                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total             19406                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         1067                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         1862                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data         7787                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         2246                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12962                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data          3204                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data          6465                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data         76261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         11097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total              97027                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst         7436                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        31545                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       353546                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        25363                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          417890                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        11485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        28804                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       249009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        28204                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         317502                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         3862                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         2850                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        32441                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data         7692                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total          46845                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst             7436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data            14689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst            31545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data            35269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        19419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        16786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           353546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data           325270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            25363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data            39301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total                873008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           75                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           60                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst            7436                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data           14689                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         1017                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         1643                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           31545                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data           35269                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        19419                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        16786                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          353546                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data          325270                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          729                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          860                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           25363                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data           39301                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total               873008                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         9137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        93295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       188347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       854176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3506706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        36394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        94011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total            4784020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2046690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2046690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     10288238                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total     10288238                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data          855                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         3570                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        14190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         3266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           21881                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         1128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         2808                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data         8343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         2704                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         14983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data         6037                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        36880                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       588213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        26871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total           658001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst        39876                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       608011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     11279746                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       339318                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      12266951                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        27243                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       175419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2681680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       116381                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3000723                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data         4343                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        14938                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       181674                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        11835                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       212790                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         9137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst          39876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data          33280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        93295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       188347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         608011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         212299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       854176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3506706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst       11279746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data        3269893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        36394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        94011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         339318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         143252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total            20709695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         9137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst         39876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data         33280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        93295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       188347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst        608011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data        212299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       854176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3506706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst      11279746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data       3269893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        36394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        94011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst        339318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        143252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total           20709695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.038383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.006567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.022734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.020031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.009148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.939181                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.724090                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.849357                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.886888                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.945922                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.663105                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.933357                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.830621                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.865114                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.530727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.175298                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.129649                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.412973                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.147457                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.186478                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.051882                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.031343                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.074747                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.034066                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.421576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.164201                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.092856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.242342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.105809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.889247                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.190789                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.178567                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.649937                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.220147                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.038383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.006567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.186478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.441376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.051882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.166129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.022734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.031343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.099474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.020031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.009148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.074747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.274349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.042155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.038383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.006567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.186478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.441376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.010901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.051882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.166129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.022734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.031343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.099474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.020031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.009148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.074747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.274349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.042155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              222542                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   222542                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                        985821                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      15156889                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7209794                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1549146                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               29293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5354805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              21396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             21396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2642003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4678480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            94109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          58209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          107772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            993401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           993213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5325512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1365175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1365116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1604735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1604735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        22006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        38178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11489673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total     11549857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6667522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total      6688118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       466393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total       471169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2720179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total      2736001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               23049880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34232640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34232640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        16710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        76356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    294135744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    294228810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6642                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        18428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    163143552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total    163168622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11958528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total     11963898                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        31356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     70016128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total     70047568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               573641538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7887095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.256471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.632285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6497231     82.38%     82.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  948528     12.03%     94.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  249725      3.17%     97.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  191611      2.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7887095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     55738186                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     27349639                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2339359                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        285775                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       183059                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       102716                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           4196504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         29864364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            12187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           12187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3201515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     15491174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean           1022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        8858561                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          50030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        20310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         70340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1348231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1348231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     15493222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10174638                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        13888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        13888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       608172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       608172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     20897029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     23030203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       581642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      5188268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       129328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       105793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        19074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side         5440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     24924169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     13007752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1140932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1306906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       527092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       408072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        87232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        27704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             91386636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    891595648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    576819066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      2326568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     20753072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      5507072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3146914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        76296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        21760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side   1063420288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    349898691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      4563728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      5227624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     22478336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     12654379                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       348928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       110816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            2958949186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        4727290                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 86033216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        36609328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.101516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.436254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              34215644     93.46%     93.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               1542747      4.21%     97.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                398661      1.09%     98.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                432731      1.18%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 19545      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          36609328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10461829                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5025913                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       612513                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        236303                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       140840                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        95463                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq           4327223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          8879292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             4976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            4976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       977019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1834094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        2339513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          20639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        16459                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         37098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          422877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         422877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1836142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2715927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         5248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         5248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       205999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       205999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2813335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1098843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       588972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       319274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       253486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       182456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        33036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side         7376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2181097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      8620181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       244634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      7402588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       258460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       209946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        37872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        10050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total             24261606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    120024704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     30840797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      2355888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1277096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     10804480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      5541826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       132144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        29504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     93049216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    220699835                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       978536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side     29610352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     11016704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      6355284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       151488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        40200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total             532908054                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        2772134                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                 32071104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples        12285293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.105650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.490992                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0              11594567     94.38%     94.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                343412      2.80%     97.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                120735      0.98%     98.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                193262      1.57%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 33317      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total          12285293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1365888                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       637253                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       127059                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        104219                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        26875                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        77344                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq            122263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           685286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             1183                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            1183                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       166442                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       329541                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         127279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           6420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         11273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           52020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          52020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       331589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        49536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        49536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        18495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        18495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       157105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       213042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        27384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        16608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       580450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       545350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        77876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        52654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       117559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       101220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        17384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        12458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       137605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       164401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        14394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total              2258848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      6692224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      6619032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       109536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        66432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     24754944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     14159589                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       311504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       210616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      5004928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      2987201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        69536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        49832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      5860224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      5032892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        93432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        57576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total              72079498                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                         471558                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                  2652224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         1280820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.348177                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.843671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               1045775     81.65%     81.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                108816      8.50%     90.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                 56456      4.41%     94.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                 54868      4.28%     98.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                 14905      1.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           1280820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     32368393                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15022569                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3563665                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        361442                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       256380                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       105062                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891627716880500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq           4794085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp         20099650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq             3050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp            3050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2046690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     12264903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1817972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          28403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        21367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         49770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          659725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         659725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     12266951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3038614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       212953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       212953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       119116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       118969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        19442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side         5184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1823521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       732614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       377486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       187688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     33838726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     10455735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      7013412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1708572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1017442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       495290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       190948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        75716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total             58179861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      5071360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      3534580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        77768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        20736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     77792640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     20907296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1509944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       750752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1443774720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    328416708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     28053648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      6834288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     43399936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     14854712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       763792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       302864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total            1976065744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        1338798                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 14242688                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples        22321556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.205941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.613271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              19533133     87.51%     87.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1               1513461      6.78%     94.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                771888      3.46%     97.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                472620      2.12%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 30454      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total          22321556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
