
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               4144.494892                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4144494892190500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10891617946971500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2269820                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2545974                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           719809697210                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4919520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5757.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13069088701                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14659119226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker       170560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       2504576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      81602816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       149824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        42368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       1721984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data      14199296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       199168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker       167104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       6152896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      17782976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker       110784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        44736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       1232128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data      14010048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       150336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        43072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       1876416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data      15017728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        89728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        13184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        789760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data      14639744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker       169408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        14656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1126080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data      13987776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker       239936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        23936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1534144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data      15337088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker       117824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        27968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       2083008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data      16541888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker       104256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        33984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1773312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data      16017536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker      2116992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       4255552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data      96251456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker       152768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        32192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1696256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data      15600128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker       144960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        16704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1400384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data      13979904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       183680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker       128064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       3143488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data      18207552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      1098944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       832448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      15507904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      25620992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        50624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       2021632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data      13972352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          458513728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      2504576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      1721984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      6152896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      1232128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      1876416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       789760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1126080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1534144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      2083008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1773312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      4255552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1696256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1400384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      3143488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     15507904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      2021632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      48819520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    267727424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       267727424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         2665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          39134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1275044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         2341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          26906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         221864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         3112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         2611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          96139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         277859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         1731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          19252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         218907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         2349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          29319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data         234652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         1402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          12340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data         228746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker         2647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          17595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data         218559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker         3749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          23971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data         239642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker         1841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          32547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data         258467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker         1629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          27708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data         250274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker        33078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker         1028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          66493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data        1503929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker         2387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          26504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data         243752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker         2265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          21881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data         218436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         2870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          49117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         284493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        17171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        13007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         242311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         400328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          31588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         218318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7164277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       4183241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4183241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            19689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker           36                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data             3426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           48                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst             1485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data             4291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker           27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             3380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           36                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data             3624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker           22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data             3532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data             3375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker           58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data             3701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker           28                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data             3991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data             3865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker          511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst             1027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data            23224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker           37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data             3764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker           35                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data             3373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           44                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           31                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data             4393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             6182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker           12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data             3371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                110632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst         1485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst         1027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            11779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           64598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                64598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           64598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           19689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker           36                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data            3426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           48                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst            1485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data            4291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            3380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           36                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data            3624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data            3532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data            3375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker           58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data            3701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker           28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data            3991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data            3865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker          511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst            1027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data           23224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker           37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data            3764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker           35                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data            3373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           44                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           31                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data            4393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            6182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data            3371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               175230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         676381566405449.375000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           676381566405449.375000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891617946971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         676381566405449.375000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           676381566405449.375000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891617946971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         676381566405449.375000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           676381566405449.375000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891617946971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         676381566405449.375000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           676381566405449.375000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 10891617946971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8323                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34091008                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8323                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   43176                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               43176                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43176                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43176    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43176                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        42659     99.42%     99.42% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          100      0.23%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          149      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        42908                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43176                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43176                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        42908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        42908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        86084                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   44324928                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    37125                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  47181401                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    6051                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    662                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                  245                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     213                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               44362053                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              47187452                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        91506329                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         43176                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    91549505                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   36904                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               36904                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        36904                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         36904    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        36904                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36742     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          134      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36876                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        36904                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        36904                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        36876                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36876                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        73780                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                  779263415                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    36904                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    471                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses              779300319                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                       779263415                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         36904                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                   779300319                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              7060                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3530                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1173953470573.650391                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7873021654167.461914                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1015     28.75%     28.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2419     68.53%     97.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.03%     97.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.03%     97.34% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           94      2.66%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113270152                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3530                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  439141065514                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144055751124986                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   21782898207760                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   3531                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 779298123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   878282133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts             750556259                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           787689565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               69978                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                  33408015                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts     96937542                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  787689565                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      69978                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads        1188565596                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        598563553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             72916                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes             7999                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads         2517640294                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes         620421919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                   101531984                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  54318957                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 47213027                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             21780590142444.457031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             2308065315.542933                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000106                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999894                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                       125803150                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                 357      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu               768998204     87.56%     87.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                7726639      0.88%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   16641      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   1195      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   2487      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   1428      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  1158      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               54318957      6.18%     94.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              47213011      5.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                878284301                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         466.559281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          91533980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2220268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           41.226546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   466.559281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.911249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.911249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       185292196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      185292196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     42778460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42778460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     46307201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     46307201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data        53588                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        53588                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         1238                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1238                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data        71511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        71511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data        57790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        57790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     89086899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       89086899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     89140487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      89140487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      1436399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1436399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       781315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       781315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        12850                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12850                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        19057                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19057                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         1344                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1344                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        13227                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13227                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      2236771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      2236771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      2249621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      2249621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     44214859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44214859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     47088516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     47088516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data        66438                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        66438                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        20295                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        20295                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data        72855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data        71017                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71017                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     91323670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     91323670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     91390108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     91390108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.032487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.016592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.193413                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.193413                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.939000                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.939000                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.018448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.186251                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.186251                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.024493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.024616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1255844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1255844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              2165912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         779300291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs          528473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         1474.626501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1559129055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses     1559129055                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst    778771818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     778771818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst    778771818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total      778771818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst    778771818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total     778771818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst       528473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       528473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst       528473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total       528473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst       528473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total       528473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    779300291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    779300291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    779300291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    779300291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    779300291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    779300291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks       527961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total          527961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements               527961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   42809                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               42809                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        42809                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         42809    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        42809                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41013     99.57%     99.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           36      0.09%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          142      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41191                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        42809                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        42809                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41191                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41191                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        84000                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                   41712984                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    33174                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                  43503949                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                    9635                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    675                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  163                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     116                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses               41746158                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses              43513584                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                        85216933                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         42809                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                    85259742                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   32404                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               32404                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32404                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32404    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32404                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32015     99.29%     99.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          230      0.71%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32245                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        32404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        32245                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32245                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        64649                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                  784973803                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    32404                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    703                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses              785006207                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                       784973803                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         32404                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                   785006207                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              4787                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2394                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1731017479656.581787                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  11939150782450.011719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          839     35.05%     35.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1504     62.82%     97.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.04%     97.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           50      2.09%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2394                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  439045892643                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144055846297857                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8288660660222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   2394                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 785002829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   878089926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts             760955900                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           787629681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               94071                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  33461548                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts     96956835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  787629681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      94071                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        1187280789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        599448200                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads            107453                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes            28406                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         2547714227                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes         633200071                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                    96348304                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  52804643                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 43543661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8287782603302.388672                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             878056919.611427                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000106                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999894                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       125858313                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                1413      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu               773923324     88.14%     88.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                7778860      0.89%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   12955      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                   4493      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                   9332      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   5652      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  4594      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4218      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead               52804643      6.01%     95.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite              43543629      4.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                878093145                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         404.543397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs          85240930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1155278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           73.783912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   404.543397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.790124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.790124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.806641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       171654546                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      171654546                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data     40726637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40726637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data     43054555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43054555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        78608                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        78608                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data          566                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          566                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        98283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        98283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        84626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        84626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data     83781758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       83781758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data     83860366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      83860366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       825793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       825793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       241297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       241297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data        10994                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10994                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data       103799                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       103799                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         1837                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1837                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data        13935                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13935                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1170889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1170889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1181883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1181883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data     41552430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41552430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data     43295852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43295852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        89602                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        89602                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data       104365                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       104365                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       100120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       100120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        98561                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        98561                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data     84952647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     84952647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data     85042249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85042249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.019874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.005573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.122698                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.122698                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.994577                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.994577                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.018348                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018348                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.141385                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.141385                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       803600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          803600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1112661                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.846694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs         785006048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          465915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         1684.869661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.846694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1570478011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     1570478011                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst    784540133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     784540133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst    784540133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total      784540133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst    784540133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total     784540133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       465915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       465915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       465915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       465915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       465915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       465915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst    785006048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    785006048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst    785006048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total    785006048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst    785006048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total    785006048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       465403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          465403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               465403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                  194971                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong              194971                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       194971                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        194971    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       194971                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    770220236                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     770220236    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    770220236                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       190813     98.45%     98.45% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2776      1.43%     99.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          225      0.12%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       193814                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       194971                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       194971                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       193814                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       193814                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       388785                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                   55067868                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   183596                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                  53459306                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                   11375                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    547                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                 5735                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     125                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses               55251464                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses              53470681                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                       108527174                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                        194971                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                   108722145                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                  326771                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong              326771                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       326771                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        326771    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       326771                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    770526236                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0     770526236    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total    770526236                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       323837     99.15%     99.15% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2772      0.85%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       326609                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       326771                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       326771                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       326609                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       326609                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       653380                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                  836757088                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                   326771                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    381                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses              837083859                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                       836757088                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                        326771                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                   837083859                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              9877                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4939                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   814542522280.918213                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  5197605496263.681641                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1045     21.16%     21.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3725     75.42%     96.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.02%     96.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.02%     96.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     96.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.02%     96.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.02%     96.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          164      3.32%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4939                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  121469374645045                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4023025517545455                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21782914765012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   4939                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 837070566                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   941687961                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts             773026459                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           845427025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses             1765947                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  37703204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts    105589587                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  845427025                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                    1765947                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        1272204656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        643832011                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads           2544860                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes          1518953                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads         2527592389                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes         632182761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   118541964                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  65051118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 53490846                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21780440045695.753906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             2474719316.247869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000114                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999886                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       139576262                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               74023      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu               813874071     86.43%     86.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                7820716      0.83%     87.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   61713      0.01%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                 248338      0.03%     87.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     87.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                 530472      0.06%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                 296092      0.03%     87.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     87.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                249482      0.03%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead               65051118      6.91%     94.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite              53490830      5.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                941701092                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         458.366187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs         108705690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2073561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           52.424641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6868121580526000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   458.366187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.895246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.895246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       219491739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      219491739                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data     53134740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      53134740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data     52626168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     52626168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       183552                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       183552                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data        12613                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        12613                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       316643                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       316643                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       289728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       289728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data    105773521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total      105773521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data    105957073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total     105957073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      1552134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1552134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       412755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       412755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        47481                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        47481                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        87191                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        87191                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         8833                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8833                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        33795                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        33795                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      2052080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      2052080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      2099561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      2099561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data     54686874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54686874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data     53038923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     53038923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       231033                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       231033                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        99804                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        99804                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       325476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       325476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       323523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       323523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data    107825601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total    107825601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data    108056634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total    108056634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.028382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.007782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.205516                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.205516                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.873622                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.873622                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.027139                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027139                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.104459                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.104459                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.019031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.019430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1165277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         1165277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              2017755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         497.052153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs         837083697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3124312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs          267.925770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6868121580521000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   497.052153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.970805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1677291706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     1677291706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst    833959385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     833959385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst    833959385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total      833959385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst    833959385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total     833959385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      3124312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3124312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      3124312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      3124312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      3124312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      3124312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst    837083697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    837083697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst    837083697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total    837083697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst    837083697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total    837083697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.003732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.003732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.003732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3123800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         3123800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              3123800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   33011                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               33011                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        33011                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         33011    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        33011                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1317127060                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1317127060    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1317127060                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32480     99.48%     99.48% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           47      0.14%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          124      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32651                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        33011                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        33011                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        32651                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32651                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        65662                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                   40234543                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    28385                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                  41181058                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    4626                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    232                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  144                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                      55                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses               40262928                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses              41185684                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        81415601                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         33011                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    81448612                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   26345                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               26345                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        26345                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         26345    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        26345                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1364556560                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1364556560    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1364556560                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        26247     99.95%     99.95% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      0.05%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        26261                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        26345                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        26345                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        26261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        26261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        52606                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                  764111751                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    26345                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    206                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses              764138096                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                       764111751                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         26345                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                   764138096                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              4300                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2150                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1927473296647.571533                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  71320303143300.828125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          638     29.67%     29.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1487     69.16%     98.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.05%     98.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.05%     98.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           23      1.07%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3296762047510000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2150                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  427304398221                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144067587792279                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21782826769483                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                   2151                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 764136417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   854608596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts             750500430                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           765263219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               62170                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  32523068                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts     95282097                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  765263219                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      62170                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        1157331831                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        580318723                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             62094                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes             3426                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         2513308228                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes         616467239                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                    91406939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  50194845                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 41212094                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21780580923436.960938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             2245846046.039745                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       123211873                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 126      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu               755478412     88.40%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                7706382      0.90%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   12205      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                    361      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                    684      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                    504      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                   374      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead               50194845      5.87%     95.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite              41212078      4.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                854610191                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         387.397478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          81444091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1005015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           81.037687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   387.397478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.756636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.756636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       163893581                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      163893581                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data     39357516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39357516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data     40908122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40908122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        40006                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        40006                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data          487                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          487                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        54834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        54834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        45020                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        45020                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     80266125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       80266125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     80306131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      80306131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       800237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       800237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       202326                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       202326                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         6799                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6799                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        18100                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18100                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1093                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1093                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         9551                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9551                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1020663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1020663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1027462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1027462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data     40157753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40157753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data     41110448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41110448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        46805                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        46805                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        18587                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18587                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        55927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        55927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        54571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        54571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     81286788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81286788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     81333593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81333593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.019927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.004922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.145262                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.145262                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.973799                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.973799                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.019543                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019543                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.175020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.175020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       624293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          624293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               972009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.657426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs         764138012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          363613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         2101.514555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   502.657426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.981753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1528639637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     1528639637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst    763774399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     763774399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst    763774399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total      763774399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst    763774399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total     763774399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       363613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       363613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       363613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       363613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       363613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       363613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst    764138012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    764138012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst    764138012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total    764138012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst    764138012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total    764138012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       363101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          363101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               363101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   49496                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               49496                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        49496                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         49496    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        49496                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        48734     99.06%     99.06% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          298      0.61%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          165      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        49197                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        49496                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        49496                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        49197                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        49197                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        98693                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   41443105                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    43541                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  42242155                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    5955                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    253                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  592                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      58                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               41486646                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              42248110                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        83685260                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         49496                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    83734756                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   48961                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               48961                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        48961                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         48961    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        48961                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        48632     99.44%     99.44% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          276      0.56%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        48908                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        48961                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        48961                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        48908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        48908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        97869                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                  779059156                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    48961                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    273                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses              779108117                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                       779059156                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         48961                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                   779108117                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              4871                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2436                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1701173818931.607666                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  66953927193689.210938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          762     31.28%     31.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1651     67.78%     99.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.04%     99.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.04%     99.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           21      0.86%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3296766677648000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2436                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  435469273104                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144059422917396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21782858769901                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   2436                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 779105540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   870937577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts             762426313                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           780769786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              268967                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                  33009349                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts     96350561                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  780769786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     268967                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads        1176672853                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        593954700                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            368728                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes           194190                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads         2543833090                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes         631544427                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    93724848                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  51450974                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 42273874                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21780570007167.886719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             2288762733.114084                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000105                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999895                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                       124794583                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                9574      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu               769246988     88.32%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                7770053      0.89%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   15626      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  31612      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  67488      0.01%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  38296      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 31408      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               51450974      5.91%     95.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              42273858      4.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                870940101                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         364.919545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          83727899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1079989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           77.526622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   364.919545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.712733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.712733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       168539371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      168539371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     40514761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40514761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     41921381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41921381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        45541                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        45541                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         1522                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1522                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        69753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        69753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        57212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        57212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     82437664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       82437664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     82483205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      82483205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       841999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       841999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       229738                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       229738                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        10226                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10226                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        21125                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        21125                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        12851                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12851                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data      1092862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      1092862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1103088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1103088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     41356760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41356760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     42151119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42151119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        55767                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        55767                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        22647                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22647                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        71543                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        71543                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        70063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        70063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     83530526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     83530526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     83586293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     83586293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.020359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.005450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.183370                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.183370                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.932795                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.932795                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.025020                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025020                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.183421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.183421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       675924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          675924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements              1043969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.459503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs         779108064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          574885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs         1355.241594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.459503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.998944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1558791013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses     1558791013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst    778533179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     778533179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst    778533179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total      778533179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst    778533179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total     778533179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       574885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       574885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       574885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       574885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       574885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       574885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst    779108064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    779108064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst    779108064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total    779108064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst    779108064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total    779108064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       574373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          574373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               574373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   28636                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               28636                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        28636                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         28636    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        28636                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1474981448                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1474981448    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1474981448                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        28215     99.66%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           42      0.15%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           53      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        28310                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        28636                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        28636                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        28310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        28310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        56946                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   39884970                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    23463                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  40993936                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    5173                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    220                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   64                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      42                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               39908433                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              40999109                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        80878906                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         28636                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    80907542                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   13230                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               13230                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13230                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13230    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13230                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1474986448                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1474986448    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1474986448                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13126     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           33      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13159                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13230                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13230                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13159                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13159                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26389                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                  774011670                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    13230                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    224                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses              774024900                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                       774011670                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         13230                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                   774024900                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions              4992                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2496                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1611798543759.325439                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  66665144968615.343750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          851     34.09%     34.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1640     65.71%     99.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.04%     99.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      0.16%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3261588023485000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2496                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  121445726967224                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4023049165223276                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21782946761125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                   2497                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 774023407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   864438400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts             761971851                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           774877366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               56751                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                  32521012                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts     95408206                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  774877366                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      56751                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads        1168540859                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        589671230                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             56579                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes             1324                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads         2550640161                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes         632203965                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    90892389                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  49866816                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 41025573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21780675071459.410156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             2271689665.589435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000104                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999896                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                       123263576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                  40      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu               765760831     88.58%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                7770590      0.90%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   11105      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    132      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                    244      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                    160      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                   125      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               49866816      5.77%     95.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              41025557      4.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                864439822                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         387.683651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          80902615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          939916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           86.074303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6868136562627000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   387.683651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.757195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.757195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       162745914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      162745914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     39090608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39090608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data     40726811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40726811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        35210                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        35210                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          249                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        46375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        46375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        34678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        34678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     79817668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       79817668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     79852878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      79852878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       725460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       725460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       207468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       207468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         7317                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7317                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        16020                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16020                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data         1222                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1222                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data        11197                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11197                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       948948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       948948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       956265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       956265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     39816068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39816068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data     40934279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40934279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        42527                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        42527                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        16269                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16269                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        47597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        45875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        45875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     80766616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80766616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     80809143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80809143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.018220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.005068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.172055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.172055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.984695                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.984695                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.025674                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025674                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.244076                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.244076                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.011749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.011834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       567468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          567468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               912052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         497.050306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs         774024829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          301310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs         2568.865384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6868136562622000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   497.050306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.970801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1548350968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses     1548350968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst    773723519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     773723519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst    773723519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total      773723519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst    773723519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total     773723519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       301310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       301310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       301310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       301310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       301310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       301310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst    774024829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    774024829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst    774024829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total    774024829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst    774024829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total    774024829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       300798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          300798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               300798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   30226                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               30226                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        30226                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         30226    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        30226                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -417793560                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -417793560    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -417793560                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29847     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           44      0.15%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           65      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29956                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        30226                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        30226                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        29956                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29956                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        60182                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                   39596504                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    25808                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                  40695606                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    4418                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    231                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                   69                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                      30                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses               39622312                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses              40700024                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                        80292110                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         30226                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                    80322336                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   24391                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               24391                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        24391                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         24391    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        24391                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -467001060                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -467001060    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -467001060                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        24335     99.93%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           16      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        24351                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        24391                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        24391                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        24351                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        24351                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        48742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                  760243952                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    24391                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    295                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses              760268343                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                       760243952                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         24391                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                   760268343                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              4151                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2076                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1996180097048.424805                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  73895724145767.312500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          599     28.85%     28.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1472     70.91%     99.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.05%     99.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      0.19%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3296764144585500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2076                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  425010717970                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144069881472530                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21782890768198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                   2076                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 760266919                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   850021456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts             748399873                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           761136452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               60936                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  32273294                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts     94679278                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  761136452                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      60936                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads        1151812848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        577481825                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             61019                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes             2145                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads         2506717890                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         613485230                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                    90218673                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                  49493324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 40725349                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21780656970819.101562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             2233797378.896484                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                       122339871                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                  88      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu               752150626     88.49%     88.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                7636761      0.90%     89.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   11267      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                    227      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                    447      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                    352      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                   259      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead               49493324      5.82%     95.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite              40725333      4.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                850022840                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         379.164782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs          80318327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          925624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           86.772088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   379.164782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.740556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.740556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       161562406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      161562406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data     38841558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      38841558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data     40425926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40425926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        27824                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        27824                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data          248                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          248                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        40107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        40107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        30717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data     79267732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       79267732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data     79295556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      79295556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       703530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       703530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       216937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       216937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         6053                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6053                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        15379                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15379                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          980                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          980                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         9068                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9068                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       935846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       935846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       941899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       941899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data     39545088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39545088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data     40642863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40642863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        33877                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        33877                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        15627                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15627                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        41087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        41087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        39785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        39785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data     80203578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80203578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data     80237455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80237455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.017791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.005338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.178676                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.178676                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.984130                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.984130                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.023852                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023852                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.227925                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.227925                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.011668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.011739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       592434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          592434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               899247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.657357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs         760268303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          326245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs         2330.360015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   502.657357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.981753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1520862851                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     1520862851                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst    759942058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     759942058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst    759942058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total      759942058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst    759942058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total     759942058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       326245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       326245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       326245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       326245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       326245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       326245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst    760268303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    760268303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst    760268303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total    760268303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst    760268303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total    760268303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       325733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          325733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               325733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   45149                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               45149                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        45149                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         45149    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        45149                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    562172440                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     562172440    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    562172440                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        44429     99.40%     99.40% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          105      0.23%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          165      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        44699                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        45149                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        45149                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        44699                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        44699                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        89848                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                   42210903                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    39614                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                  42381460                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    5535                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    501                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  153                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     130                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses               42250517                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses              42386995                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        84592363                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         45149                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    84637512                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   29677                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               29677                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        29677                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         29677    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        29677                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29518     99.87%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           38      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29556                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        29677                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        29677                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        29556                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29556                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        59233                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                  757093229                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    29677                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    413                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses              757122906                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                       757093229                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         29677                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                   757122906                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              4482                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2241                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1849205891042.459229                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  11232948109823.507812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          676     30.17%     30.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1494     66.67%     96.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.04%     96.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           70      3.12%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2241                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  424490364349                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144070401826151                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   21782898770487                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                   2242                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 757120864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   848980175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts             739904622                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           760484778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               77806                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                  32866180                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts     95182931                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  760484778                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      77806                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads        1148493384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        575899743                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             83219                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            16833                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads         2469252361                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes         603694909                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    94528634                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  52116710                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 42411924                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             21780667707195.003906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             2231063291.996308                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000102                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999898                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                       123355832                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 800      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu               746866386     87.97%     87.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                7552546      0.89%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   16861      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   2329      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   4788      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   3200      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  2410      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead               52116710      6.14%     95.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite              42411908      5.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                848982096                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         430.385806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          84631323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1053901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           80.302916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   430.385806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.840597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.806641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       170319619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      170319619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data     41276106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41276106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data     42053529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42053529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        57594                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        57594                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          776                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          776                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        81467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        81467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        69154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        69154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     83330411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       83330411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     83388005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      83388005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       823747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       823747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data       226418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       226418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         7867                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7867                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        21198                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        21198                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         1281                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1281                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data        12186                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12186                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data      1071363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total      1071363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data      1079230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total      1079230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data     42099853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42099853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data     42279947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42279947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        65461                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65461                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        21974                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21974                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        82748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        82748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        81340                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        81340                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     84401774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     84401774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     84467235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     84467235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.019567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005355                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005355                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.120178                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120178                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.964686                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.964686                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.015481                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015481                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.149816                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.149816                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       655803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          655803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements              1013667                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         507.431870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs         757122785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          398597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs         1899.469351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   507.431870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.991078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1514644167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     1514644167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst    756724188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     756724188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst    756724188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total      756724188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst    756724188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total     756724188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       398597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       398597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       398597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       398597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       398597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       398597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst    757122785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    757122785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst    757122785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total    757122785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst    757122785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total    757122785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       398085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          398085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               398085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   47069                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               47069                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        47069                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         47069    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        47069                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1833566940                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1833566940    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1833566940                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        46327     99.29%     99.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          121      0.26%     99.55% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          211      0.45%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        46659                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        47069                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        47069                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        46659                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        46659                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        93728                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   42460054                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    40896                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  42658470                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                    6173                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    321                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  341                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     103                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses               42500950                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              42664643                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                        85118524                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         47069                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                    85165593                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   29372                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               29372                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        29372                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         29372    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        29372                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1790323440                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1790323440    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1790323440                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29194     99.73%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           79      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29273                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        29372                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        29372                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        29273                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29273                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        58645                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  765579830                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    29372                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              765609202                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       765579830                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         29372                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   765609202                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              5610                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2805                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1477385387917.201416                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  16287216733625.228516                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1077     38.40%     38.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1685     60.07%     98.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.04%     98.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           42      1.50%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 672956273911500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2805                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  428879082750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144066013107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21782890762780                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                   2806                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 765607312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   857757956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             746860130                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           769017143                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               68292                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  32976332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     95587730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  769017143                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      68292                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads        1158637633                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        583804469                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads             69586                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes             7680                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads         2492752152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         615417681                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                    95088334                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  52398892                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 42689442                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21780636633812.496094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             2254128967.503192                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       123808123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                 331      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               755060494     88.03%     88.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7585432      0.88%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   15907      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                    915      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                   1917      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   1324      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                   951      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead               52398892      6.11%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              42689426      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                857759747                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         380.011566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs          85113537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1127623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           75.480490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   380.011566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.742210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.742210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       171445391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      171445391                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     41445504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41445504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     42263495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42263495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        63783                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        63783                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         1296                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1296                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        92482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        92482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        79368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        79368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data     83710295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       83710295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data     83774078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      83774078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       883458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       883458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       238250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       238250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data        11096                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        11096                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        20137                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        20137                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data        12953                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12953                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      1141845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      1141845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      1152941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      1152941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data     42328962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42328962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     42501745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42501745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        74879                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        74879                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        21433                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21433                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        94168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        94168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        92321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data     84852140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     84852140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data     84927019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     84927019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.020871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.005606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.148186                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148186                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.939532                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.939532                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.017904                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017904                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.140304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.140304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.013457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.013576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       692804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          692804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              1087495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.657183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         765609103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          449001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs         1705.138971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   502.657183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.981752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1531667207                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1531667207                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    765160102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     765160102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    765160102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      765160102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    765160102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     765160102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       449001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       449001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       449001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       449001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       449001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       449001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    765609103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    765609103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    765609103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    765609103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    765609103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    765609103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       448489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          448489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               448489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   37753                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               37753                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37753                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37753    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37753                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1585693356                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1585693356    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1585693356                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36612     99.48%     99.48% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          110      0.30%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           81      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36803                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        37753                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37753                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        36803                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36803                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        74556                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                   42247905                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    31821                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                  42977319                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                    5932                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    786                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  171                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     216                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses               42279726                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses              42983251                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                        85225224                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         37753                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                    85262977                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   32517                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               32517                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32517                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32517    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32517                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1628824856                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1628824856    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1628824856                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32352     99.73%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           86      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32438                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        32517                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32517                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        32438                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32438                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        64955                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                  783201072                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    32517                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    591                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses              783233589                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                       783201072                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         32517                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                   783233589                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions              5564                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2782                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1489596369130.756592                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  63697265606675.531250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1052     37.81%     37.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1723     61.93%     99.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.04%     99.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            6      0.22%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3296774348005500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2782                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  437793268735                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144057098921765                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21782842762833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                   2783                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 783230606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   875585271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts             767316306                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           784832556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses              123733                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                  33028653                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts     97442652                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  784832556                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                     123733                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads        1181668473                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        597199954                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads            146979                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            52152                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads         2546036113                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes         632163007                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                    95261083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  52252981                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 43008102                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21780541787209.742188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             2300975623.259239                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000106                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999894                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                       125963329                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                2593      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu               772507351     88.23%     88.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                7755212      0.89%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   13753      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   8041      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                  16663      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                  10372      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  8966      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead               52252981      5.97%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite              43008086      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                875588175                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         365.450752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs          85252897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1137093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.974428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   365.450752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.713771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.713771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       171650823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses      171650823                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data     41258605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41258605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data     42647999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42647999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        51678                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        51678                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         2209                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2209                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        67216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        67216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        55123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        55123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data     83908813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       83908813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data     83960491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      83960491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       887416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       887416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data       234390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       234390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data        10083                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10083                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        24597                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        24597                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data         1771                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1771                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data        11810                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11810                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data      1146403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total      1146403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data      1156486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total      1156486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data     42146021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42146021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data     42882389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42882389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        61761                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        61761                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        26806                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26806                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        68987                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        68987                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        66933                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        66933                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data     85055216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85055216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data     85116977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85116977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.021056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.163258                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.163258                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.917593                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.917593                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.025672                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025672                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.176445                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.176445                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       715583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          715583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements              1105509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.657114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs         783233510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          429436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs         1823.865512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   502.657114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.981752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1566896456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses     1566896456                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst    782804074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     782804074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst    782804074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total      782804074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst    782804074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total     782804074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       429436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       429436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       429436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       429436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       429436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       429436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst    783233510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    783233510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst    783233510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total    783233510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst    783233510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total    783233510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       428924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          428924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               428924                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                 1193172                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong             1193172                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1193172                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1193172    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1193172                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    308818672                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     308818672    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    308818672                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1188648     99.95%     99.95% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          192      0.02%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          362      0.03%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1189202                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1193172                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1193172                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1189202                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1189202                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2382374                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                  139785041                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                  1078206                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                  84928105                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                  114966                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    496                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1175                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     108                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses              140863247                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses              85043071                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                       224713146                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                       1193172                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                   225906318                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   43751                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               43751                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43751                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43751    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43751                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    309025672                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0     309025672    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total    309025672                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        43566     99.77%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          101      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        43667                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        43751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        43667                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        43667                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        87418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                 1193508146                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    43751                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    447                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses             1193551897                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                      1193508146                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         43751                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                  1193551897                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              5603                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2801                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1177019386952.675537                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  61630885385480.398438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1306     46.63%     46.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1493     53.30%     99.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      0.07%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3261605040391500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2801                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  847663589336056                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 3296831302854444                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21783235896746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                   2802                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                1193546143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                  1339956559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts            1146886320                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses          1214161395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses              462929                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  49864985                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts    144529926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                 1214161395                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                     462929                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads        1781471935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        971460809                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads            592471                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes           356548                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads         2653170672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         756984920                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                   235709365                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                 150643639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 85065726                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21779714516808.125000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             3521379937.875617                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000162                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999838                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                       195006031                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               13702      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu              1092399941     81.52%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult               11505766      0.86%     82.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   18839      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                    83      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                 46694      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                 5192      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc              5186      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                 10378      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                10388      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                  41041      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                 102360      0.01%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                  54808      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                 34345      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead              150643639     11.24%     93.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite              85065710      6.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total               1339962228                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         324.877858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs         225890272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3497166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           64.592379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594116663719000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   324.877858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.634527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.634527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       455282830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      455282830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data    137555865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     137555865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data     83996312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     83996312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data       200782                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       200782                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data        56988                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        56988                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data       277728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       277728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data       271102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       271102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data    221609165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total      221609165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data    221809947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total     221809947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data      2797722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2797722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       518822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       518822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data        19326                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        19326                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data       178743                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       178743                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data         5818                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5818                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data        11064                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11064                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data      3495287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total      3495287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data      3514613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total      3514613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data    140353587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    140353587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data     84515134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     84515134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data       220108                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       220108                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data       235731                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       235731                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       283546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       283546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data       282166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       282166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data    225104452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total    225104452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data    225324560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total    225324560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.019933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.087802                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.087802                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.758250                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.758250                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.020519                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020519                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.039211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.015527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.015598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1236863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total         1236863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements              3466195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         407.364469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs        1193551813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          928224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs         1285.844595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594116663714000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   407.364469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.795634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.795634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2388031850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     2388031850                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst   1192623589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1192623589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst   1192623589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total     1192623589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst   1192623589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total    1192623589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       928224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       928224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       928224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       928224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       928224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       928224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst   1193551813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1193551813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst   1193551813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total   1193551813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst   1193551813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total   1193551813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       927712                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          927712                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               927712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   42459                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               42459                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        42459                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         42459    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        42459                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    220280644                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     220280644    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    220280644                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41228     99.49%     99.49% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           61      0.15%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          150      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41439                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        42459                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        42459                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41439                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41439                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        83898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                   41135147                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    36981                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                  41696236                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    5478                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    600                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  132                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     208                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses               41172128                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses              41701714                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                        82831383                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         42459                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                    82873842                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   26042                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               26042                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        26042                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         26042    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        26042                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    219650644                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0     219650644    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total    219650644                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        25861     99.83%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           45      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        25906                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        26042                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        26042                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        25906                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        25906                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        51948                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                  751321086                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    26042                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    507                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses              751347128                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                       751321086                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         26042                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                   751347128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions              4018                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2009                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2002522254924.777588                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  73740204532334.390625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          606     30.16%     30.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1390     69.19%     99.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.05%     99.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           12      0.60%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3296795374851000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2009                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  121427682046622                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4023067210143878                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21782954768682                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                   2010                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                 751344393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                   842236088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts             735173510                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses           754144308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               92704                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                  32623071                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts     94667497                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                  754144308                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      92704                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads        1139465737                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes        570552073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads            107936                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            31450                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads         2463947949                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes         601404913                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    92761594                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                  51034590                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                 41727004                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21780741420582.968750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             2213348099.031010                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000102                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999898                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                       122505953                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                1443      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu               741915164     88.09%     88.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                7517298      0.89%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   12031      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   5095      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                  11025      0.00%     88.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   5772      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  5125      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead               51034590      6.06%     95.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite              41726988      4.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                842238687                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         393.248218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs          82867809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1064329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           77.859204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6868129618119000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   393.248218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.768063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.768063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       166800075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses      166800075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data     40192134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40192134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data     41378484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41378484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        59566                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        59566                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data          743                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          743                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        72327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        72327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        60651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        60651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data     81571361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       81571361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data     81630927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      81630927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       834995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       834995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data       228813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       228813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         8191                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8191                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        18201                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18201                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1607                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1607                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data        12097                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12097                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data      1082009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total      1082009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data      1090200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total      1090200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data     41027129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41027129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data     41607297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41607297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        67757                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        67757                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        18944                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18944                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        73934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        72748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        72748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data     82653370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     82653370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     82721127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     82721127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.020352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.120888                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120888                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.960779                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.960779                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.021736                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021736                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.166286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.166286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       657313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          657313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements              1026984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         497.051159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs         751346992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          383567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs         1958.841590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6868129618114000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   497.051159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.970803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1503077551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses     1503077551                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst    750963425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     750963425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst    750963425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total      750963425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst    750963425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total     750963425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       383567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       383567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       383567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       383567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       383567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       383567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst    751346992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    751346992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst    751346992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total    751346992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst    751346992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total    751346992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       383055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          383055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               383055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   39535                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               39535                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        39535                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         39535    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        39535                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    482466644                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     482466644    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    482466644                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        38943     99.27%     99.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           50      0.13%     99.40% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          237      0.60%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39230                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        39535                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        39535                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        39230                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39230                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        78765                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                   39995709                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    33538                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                  41010746                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                    5997                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    246                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   89                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      39                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses               40029247                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses              41016743                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                        81006455                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         39535                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                    81045990                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   20924                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               20924                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        20924                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         20924    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        20924                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    434556644                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0     434556644    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total    434556644                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        20845     99.89%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           22      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20867                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        20924                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        20924                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        20867                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20867                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        41791                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                  752382808                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    20924                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    240                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses              752403732                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                       752382808                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         20924                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                   752403732                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions              5316                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2658                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1513569128971.281494                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  64114987400110.601562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          961     36.16%     36.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1686     63.43%     99.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.04%     99.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           10      0.38%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3296788047201000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2658                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  121428147384834                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4023066744805666                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21782922762005                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                   2659                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 752402212                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   842640167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts             740058055                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           755089635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               63097                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                  32429661                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts     93638072                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  755089635                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      63097                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads        1138368469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        572562036                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             67275                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            10108                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads         2483349132                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes         610386674                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                    90968200                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                  49926104                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 41042096                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21780708359239.921875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             2214402765.079187                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000102                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999898                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                       121190619                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 503      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu               744110334     88.31%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                7539534      0.89%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   10712      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   1523      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   3101      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   2012      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  1571      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead               49926104      5.92%     95.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite              41042080      4.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                842641630                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         399.612229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs          81041120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          955500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           84.815406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6868129882174000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   399.612229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.780493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.780493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       163037868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      163037868                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data     39190626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39190626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data     40739511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40739511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        34954                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        34954                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          408                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          408                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        47702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        35031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        35031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data     79930545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       79930545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data     79965499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      79965499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       744462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       744462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data       211776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       211776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         8109                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8109                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        15264                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15264                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data         1250                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1250                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data        12027                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12027                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       971502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       971502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       979611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       979611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data     39935088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39935088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data     40951287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40951287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        43063                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        43063                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        15672                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15672                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        48952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        48952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        47058                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47058                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data     80902047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80902047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data     80945110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80945110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.018642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.005171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.188306                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.188306                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.973966                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.973966                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.025535                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025535                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.255578                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.255578                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       594074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          594074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               916245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         497.051127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs         752403675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          304303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs         2472.547675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6868129882169000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   497.051127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.970803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1505111653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     1505111653                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst    752099372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     752099372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst    752099372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total      752099372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst    752099372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total     752099372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       304303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       304303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       304303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       304303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       304303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       304303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst    752403675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    752403675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst    752403675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total    752403675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst    752403675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total    752403675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       303791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          303791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               303791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   63747                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               63747                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        63747                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         63747    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        63747                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        62756     98.98%     98.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          531      0.84%     99.82% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          113      0.18%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        63400                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        63747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        63747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        63400                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        63400                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       127147                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   43630694                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    56602                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  44104176                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    7145                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    529                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1102                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     163                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               43687296                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              44111321                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        87734870                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         63747                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    87798617                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   81232                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               81232                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        81232                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         81232    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        81232                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        80658     99.38%     99.38% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          505      0.62%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        81163                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        81232                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        81232                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        81163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        81163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       162395                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  789203543                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    81232                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    437                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              789284775                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       789203543                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         81232                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   789284775                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              6601                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3301                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1255393285387.101807                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8982960602092.523438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1107     33.54%     33.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2108     63.86%     97.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     97.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.03%     97.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.03%     97.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           83      2.51%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3301                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  441657127677                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144053235062823                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   21782698797902                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   3301                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 789280795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   883312312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts             764564516                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           792259061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              347686                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  33870383                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     97801604                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  792259061                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     347686                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads        1192928695                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        603296944                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            477437                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           257227                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads         2546521297                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes         632549999                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    97789110                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  53653805                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 44135305                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             21780377529757.976562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             2321268144.022952                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000107                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999893                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                       127172938                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               12530      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               777486519     88.02%     88.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                7779113      0.88%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   22090      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  41855      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  88984      0.01%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  50120      0.01%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                 41761      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               53653805      6.07%     95.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              44135289      5.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                883316223                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         416.511935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          87791877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1220799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           71.913457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   416.511935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.813500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.813500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       176805065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      176805065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     42550406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42550406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     43703475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43703475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        72280                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        72280                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         2619                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2619                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       109190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       109190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        94273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     86256500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       86256500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     86328780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      86328780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       933145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       933145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       263071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       263071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        15774                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        15774                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        28320                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        28320                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         3214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        16110                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16110                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      1224536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      1224536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      1240310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      1240310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     43483551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43483551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     43966546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43966546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        88054                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        88054                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        30939                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        30939                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       112404                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       112404                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       110383                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       110383                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     87481036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87481036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     87569090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87569090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.021460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.005983                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005983                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.179140                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.179140                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.915350                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.915350                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.028593                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028593                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.145946                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145946                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.013998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       753333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          753333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              1179156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.034230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         789284706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          893933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs          882.934969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   504.034230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.984442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1579463345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses     1579463345                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    788390773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     788390773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    788390773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      788390773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    788390773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     788390773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       893933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       893933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       893933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       893933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       893933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       893933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    789284706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    789284706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    789284706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    789284706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    789284706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    789284706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.001133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.001133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.001133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       893421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          893421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               893421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  190057                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              190057                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       190057                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        190057    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       190057                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       189513     99.86%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          202      0.11%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           61      0.03%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       189776                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       190057                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       190057                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       189776                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       189776                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       379833                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   95186641                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   164747                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  90135662                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   25310                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    779                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 6555                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                     123                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               95351388                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              90160972                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       185322303                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        190057                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   185512360                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  987544                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              987544                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       987544                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        987544    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       987544                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       984712     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2786      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       987498                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       987544                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       987544                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       987498                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       987498                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1975042                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 1028552298                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   987544                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                    807                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             1029539842                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      1028552298                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        987544                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  1029539842                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             45294                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        22647                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   182978286405.864929                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2343988804837.069336                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        20278     89.54%     89.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2231      9.85%     99.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.00%     99.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          137      0.60%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161848096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         22647                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  585639956877                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4143909252233623                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   21782834790594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  22648                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                1029469247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1171211286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             794877322                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          1062602610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              674394                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  54419512                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    131952240                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 1062602610                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     674394                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        1577611037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        811125231                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            716222                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           374926                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads         2606471194                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         686420490                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   195344521                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 105194495                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 90150026                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             21779756756106.941406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             3078034487.056998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000141                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999859                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       183829817                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               14607      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               967597081     82.61%     82.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                8029302      0.69%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   50459      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  43773      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                  91574      0.01%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  58428      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 47884      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              105194495      8.98%     92.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              90150010      7.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1171281835                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         497.471354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         185503195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3688457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           50.292899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   497.471354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.971624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       374694847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      374694847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     90488694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      90488694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     88031222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     88031222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       805213                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       805213                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        35487                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        35487                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1184451                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1184451                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1195739                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1195739                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    178555403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      178555403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    179360616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     179360616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      2677915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2677915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       705570                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       705570                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       148332                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       148332                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       157900                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       157900                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        42846                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        42846                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        29826                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        29826                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      3541385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      3541385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      3689717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      3689717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     93166609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93166609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     88736792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     88736792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data       953545                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       953545                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       193387                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       193387                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1227297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1227297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1225565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1225565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    182096788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    182096788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    183050333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    183050333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.028743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.007951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.155558                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.155558                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.816497                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.816497                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.034911                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034911                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024337                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024337                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.019448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.020157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2078826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         2078826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              3620187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.736579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        1029539796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         9827720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs          104.758764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.736579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2068907312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     2068907312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   1019712076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1019712076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   1019712076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     1019712076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   1019712076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    1019712076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      9827720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9827720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      9827720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      9827720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      9827720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      9827720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   1029539796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1029539796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   1029539796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   1029539796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   1029539796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   1029539796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.009546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.009546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.009546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      9827208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         9827208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              9827208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   32458                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               32458                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32458                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32458    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32458                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31911     99.41%     99.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          124      0.39%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           67      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32102                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        32458                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32458                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        32102                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32102                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        64560                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   41061898                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    27881                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  41855940                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    4577                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    422                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  226                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      92                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               41089779                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              41860517                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        82917838                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         32458                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    82950296                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   37918                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               37918                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37918                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37918    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37918                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37753     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           95      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37848                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        37918                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37918                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        37848                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37848                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        75766                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                  768147594                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    37918                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              3991                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    69                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    402                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses              768185512                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                       768147594                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         37918                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                   768185512                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              5686                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2843                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1457638130609.739990                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9948269244533.882812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          903     31.76%     31.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1866     65.63%     97.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.04%     97.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           73      2.57%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2843                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  429686867009                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4144065205323491                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   21782898762796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   2844                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 768183328                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   859373363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             751175590                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           769896217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses               96912                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  32833124                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts     95561301                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  769896217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                      96912                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        1164285037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        584277176                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            113170                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes            33346                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads         2513492956                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         616852132                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    92850049                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  50963308                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 41886741                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             21780640387396.968750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             2258375399.030610                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000104                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999896                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       123872528                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                1617      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               758791625     88.30%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                7684292      0.89%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   15112      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                   5380      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  11337      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                   6468      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                  5393      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               50963308      5.93%     95.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              41886725      4.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                859375477                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         433.975246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          82944454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1048477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           79.109464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   433.975246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.847608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.847608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       166938921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      166938921                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     40155364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40155364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     41546100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41546100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        46319                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        46319                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data          712                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          712                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        62091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        62091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        50529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     81702176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       81702176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     81748495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      81748495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       812836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       812836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       230497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       230497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         8716                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8716                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        18468                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18468                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         1485                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1485                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        11337                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11337                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      1061801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      1061801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data      1070517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      1070517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     40968200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40968200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     41776597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41776597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        55035                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        55035                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        19180                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19180                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        63576                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        63576                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        61866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        61866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     82763977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     82763977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     82819012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     82819012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.005517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.158372                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.158372                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.962878                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.962878                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.023358                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023358                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.183251                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.183251                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.012829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.012926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       656714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          656714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements              1017120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.500427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs         768185442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          487775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs         1574.876617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   508.500427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.993165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1536858659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     1536858659                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst    767697667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     767697667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst    767697667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total      767697667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst    767697667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total     767697667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       487775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       487775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       487775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       487775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       487775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       487775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst    768185442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    768185442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst    768185442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total    768185442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst    768185442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total    768185442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       487263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          487263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               487263                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                11311                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               11311                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              541542                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             541542                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        12136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        22568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        35584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1070122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1070122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1105706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        12136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        12586                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        25382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34160296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34160296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34185678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.532879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 535061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               535061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         6868121743306001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.532879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.970805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.970805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4815549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4815549                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532672                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532672                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          535061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            535061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         535061                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           535061                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         2389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           2389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532672                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532672                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        535061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          535061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       535061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         535061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532640                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532640                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    535045                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                15640.142861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   21832782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  2759806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                     7.910984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     982.450380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    31.383842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    36.964077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    1641.599877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    1875.918318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    17.946168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    16.775116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst     919.165168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    4453.885339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    64.271223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    56.178125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    1787.953674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    2560.004932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    10.433266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker     5.393554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     274.409372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     905.410429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.059964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.001916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.002256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.100195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.114497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.001095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.056101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.271844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.109128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.156250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.000637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.016749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.055262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.954599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000244                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996277                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                 46848182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses                46848182                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       125094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       109273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       118469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        95003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       570424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       971863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        95107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        77130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                2162363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3849014                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3849014                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2889959                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total         2889959                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks            777                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                 777                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           2775                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           3202                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           3543                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           2967                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               12487                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          313                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          402                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          404                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          319                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1438                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          116897                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          110551                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          271553                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data           85061                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               584062                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       489339                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       439009                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      3028172                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       344361                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           4300881                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       716525                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       646199                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      1320008                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       632537                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          3315269                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data          792                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         2472                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data        63411                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         1179                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            67854                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       125094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       109273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst             489339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data             833422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       118469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        95003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst             439009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data             756750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       570424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       971863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            3028172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data            1591561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        95107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        77130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             344361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data             717598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                10362575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       125094                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       109273                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst            489339                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data            833422                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       118469                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        95003                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst            439009                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data            756750                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       570424                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       971863                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           3028172                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data           1591561                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        95107                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        77130                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            344361                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data            717598                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total               10362575                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         3154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                15053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        24498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        20872                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        28177                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        18404                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total             91951                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        10449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        11539                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        31587                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         7561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           61136                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        632528                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        100589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        105222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         92572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total             930911                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        39134                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        26906                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        96139                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        19252                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          181431                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       712817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       173394                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       257621                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       162439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        1306271                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        18265                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data       101246                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        23749                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        16871                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         160131                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            39134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          1345345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst            26906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data           273983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         3154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         2626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            96139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data           362843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            19252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data           255011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               2433666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1015                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           39134                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         1345345                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          672                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           26906                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data          273983                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         3154                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         2626                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           96139                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data          362843                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1778                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          713                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           19252                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data          255011                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              2433666                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       127800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       110288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       120858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        95675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       573578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       974489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        96885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        77843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            2177416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3849014                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3849014                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2889959                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2889959                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks          777                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total             777                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        27273                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        24074                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        31720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        21371                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          104438                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        10762                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        11941                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        31991                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         7880                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         62574                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       749425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       211140                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       376775                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       177633                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1514973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst       528473                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       465915                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      3124311                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       363613                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       4482312                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1429342                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       819593                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1577629                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       794976                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4621540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        19057                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data       103718                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        87160                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        18050                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       227985                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       127800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       110288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst         528473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        2178767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       120858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        95675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         465915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        1030733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       573578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       974489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        3124311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        1954404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        96885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        77843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         363613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         972609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            12796241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       127800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       110288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst        528473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       2178767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       120858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        95675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst        465915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       1030733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       573578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       974489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       3124311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       1954404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        96885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        77843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        363613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        972609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           12796241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.021174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.019767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.007024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.005499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.009159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.898251                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.866993                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.888304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.861167                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.880436                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.970916                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.966334                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.987371                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.959518                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977019                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.844018                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.476409                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.279270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.521142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.614474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.074051                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.057749                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.030771                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.052946                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.040477                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.498703                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.211561                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.163296                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.204332                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.282648                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.958440                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.976166                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.272476                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.934681                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.702375                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.021174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.074051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.617480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.019767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.007024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.057749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.265814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.005499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.030771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.185654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.009159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.052946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.262193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.190186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.021174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.074051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.617480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.019767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.007024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.057749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.265814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.005499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.030771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.185654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.009159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.052946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.262193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.190186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1236409                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1236409                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       2473295                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                15187.616257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                   10721294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                  1312417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                     8.169122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     968.417434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    27.682013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    28.467615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    1421.128376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    2995.734797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker     5.834170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker     0.905535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     189.121638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    2896.698296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker     6.483313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker     3.890450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     255.317457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    2834.170090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    25.696989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    23.163668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     790.320463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    2714.583953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.059108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.001690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.086739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.182845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.011543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.176800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.000396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.000237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.015583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.172984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.001568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.001414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.048237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.165685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.926979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.838501                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                 22976419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                22976419                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       144268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       145358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        83207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        38833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        86881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        72413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       128366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        86951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                 786277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2491629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2491629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       689091                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total          689091                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           2320                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           3111                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           3989                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           1850                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11270                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               862                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data          104042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data           99857                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data          110765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data           99850                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total               414514                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       545454                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       288959                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       308650                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       374616                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1517679                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       656583                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       550253                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       541614                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       626398                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          2374848                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         5456                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data          926                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data          385                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         1898                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total             8665                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       144268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       145358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst             545454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data             760625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        83207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        38833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             288959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data             650110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        86881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        72413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             308650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data             652379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       128366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        86951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             374616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data             726248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                 5093318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       144268                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       145358                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst            545454                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data            760625                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        83207                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        38833                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            288959                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data            650110                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        86881                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        72413                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            308650                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data            652379                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       128366                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        86951                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            374616                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data            726248                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total                5093318                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                12205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        21496                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        11116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        11060                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        21980                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             65652                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        11226                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         9274                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         7612                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        10473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           38585                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        100169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         88530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         87768                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data         98915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total             375382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        29431                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        12351                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        17595                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        23981                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           83358                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       184153                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       166770                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data       154495                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data       191648                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         697066                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        15669                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        15094                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        14994                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        19300                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total          65057                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            29431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data           284322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst            12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data           255300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            17595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data           242263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst            23981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data           290563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total               1168011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2414                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          697                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           29431                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data          284322                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          244                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           12351                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data          255300                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2728                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          290                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           17595                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data          242263                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         3928                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          429                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           23981                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data          290563                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total              1168011                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       146682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       146055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        84682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        39077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        89609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        72703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       132294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        87380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total             798482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2491629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2491629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       689091                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total       689091                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        23816                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        14227                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        15049                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        23830                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           76922                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        11419                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         9522                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        10753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         39447                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       204211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       188387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       198533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data       198765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           789896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       574885                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       301310                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       326245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       398597                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1601037                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       840736                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       717023                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       696109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       818046                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3071914                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        21125                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        16020                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        15379                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        21198                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        73722                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       146682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       146055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         574885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data        1044947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        84682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        39077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         301310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         905410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        89609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        72703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         326245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         894642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       132294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        87380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         398597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        1016811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total             6261329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       146682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       146055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        574885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data       1044947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        84682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        39077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        301310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        905410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        89609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        72703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        326245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        894642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       132294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        87380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        398597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       1016811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total            6261329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.016457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.017418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.006244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.030443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.029691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.902586                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.781331                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.734933                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.922367                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.853488                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.983098                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.973955                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.981813                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.973961                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978148                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.490517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.469937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.442083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.497648                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.475230                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.051195                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.040991                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.053932                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.060164                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.052065                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.219038                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.232587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.221941                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.234275                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.226916                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.741728                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.942197                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.974966                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.910463                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.882464                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.016457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.051195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.272092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.017418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.006244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.040991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.281972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.030443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.053932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.270793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.029691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.060164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.285759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.186544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.016457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.051195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.272092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.017418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.006244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.040991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.281972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.030443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.053932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.270793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.029691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.060164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.285759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.186544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks              577127                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                   577127                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                       1161755                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                14988.621952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                   20791065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                  3481468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     5.971925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1079.009452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker     4.799028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker     3.161678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     159.330970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    2611.410375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker     8.375587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    16.721731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     470.813525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    3302.959630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     4.801962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     0.001019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     105.495413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    2616.837615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    28.758142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    25.054483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst    1265.800358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    3285.290984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.065858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.000293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.000193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.009725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.159388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.000511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.001021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.028736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.201597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.006439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.159719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.077258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.200518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.914833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.050903                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949097                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                 45678868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                45678868                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       133097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        85008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       106097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        93633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      3522255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       127646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       118501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        75661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                4261898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3302563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3302563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1215968                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total         1215968                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           1945                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           3719                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           5929                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           3004                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14597                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          261                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          349                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          328                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data          109087                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data          112672                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data          153933                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data          100723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total               476415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       416258                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       401612                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       861508                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       356954                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           2036332                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data       664919                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       701793                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data      1159084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       640346                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          3166142                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         1103                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data          963                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         4447                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         2222                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             8735                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       133097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        85008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             416258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data             774006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       106097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        93633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             401612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data             814465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      3522255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       127646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             861508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data            1313017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       118501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        75661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             356954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data             741069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                 9940787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       133097                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        85008                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            416258                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data            774006                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       106097                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        93633                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            401612                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data            814465                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      3522255                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       127646                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            861508                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data           1313017                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       118501                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        75661                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            356954                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data            741069                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                9940787                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        33157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                41767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        23891                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        14564                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        15295                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        22385                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total             76135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        10799                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         9764                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         9624                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        10368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           40555                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        101123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         99198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data        340748                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         99581                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total             640650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        32743                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        27824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        66716                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        26613                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          153896                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data       216765                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data       182393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data      1648880                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data       191301                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2239339                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        19034                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        23633                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data       174296                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        15979                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total         232942                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            32743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data           317888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            27824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data           281591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        33157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            66716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data          1989628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            26613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data           290882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total               3075652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1907                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           32743                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data          317888                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          551                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           27824                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data          281591                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        33157                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1057                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           66716                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data         1989628                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2433                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          516                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           26613                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data          290882                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total              3075652                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       135004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        85464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       107787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        94184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      3555412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       128703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       120934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        76177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total            4303665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3302563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3302563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1215968                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1215968                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        25836                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        18283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        21224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        25389                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           90732                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        11060                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        10113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         9952                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        10736                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         41861                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       210210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data       211870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       494681                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data       200304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1117065                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       449001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       429436                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       928224                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       383567                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       2190228                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       881684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       884186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data      2807964                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       831647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5405481                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        20137                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        24596                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data       178743                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        18201                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       241677                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       135004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        85464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         449001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data        1091894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       107787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        94184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         429436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        1096056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      3555412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       128703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         928224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data        3302645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       120934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        76177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         383567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        1031951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total            13016439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       135004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        85464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        449001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data       1091894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       107787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        94184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        429436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       1096056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      3555412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       128703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        928224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data       3302645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       120934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        76177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        383567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       1031951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total           13016439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.014126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.005336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.005850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.009326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.020118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.009705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.924717                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.796587                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.720646                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.881681                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.839120                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.976401                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.965490                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.967042                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.965723                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.968802                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.481057                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.468202                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.688824                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.497149                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.573512                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.072924                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.064792                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.071875                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.069383                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.070265                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.245853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.206284                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.587216                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.230027                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.414272                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.945225                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.960847                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.975121                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.877919                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.963857                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.014126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.005336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.072924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.291134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.005850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.064792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.256913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.009326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.071875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.602435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.020118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.069383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.281876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.236290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.014126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.005336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.072924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.291134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.005850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.064792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.256913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.009326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.071875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.602435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.020118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.006774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.069383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.281876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.236290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks             1120076                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                  1120076                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                       3304000                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                15580.151340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                   38184688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  2090978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    18.261640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2236.615569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     9.615810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     0.540104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     293.668612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    1040.591244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    39.350604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    30.394525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst     890.710677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    2342.951865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    29.296401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    54.418674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    2163.095593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    3487.315796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    15.297816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    22.049200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst     829.491804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    2094.747045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.136512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.017924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.063513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.002402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.001855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.054365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.143002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.001788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.132025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.212849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.050628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.127853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.950937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008911                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839905                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                 78796658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses                78796658                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       114696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        61888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       185902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       240464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       551685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2946377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        93500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       112001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total                4306513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4082947                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4082947                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      9183446                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total         9183446                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           2401                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           4830                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           2151                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           1375                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total               10757                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data         1170                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          644                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          556                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              2649                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           98042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          126402                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data          524914                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data          111763                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total               861121                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       282422                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       844816                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      9585409                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       456153                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          11168800                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data       555289                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       714005                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      2491476                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       649605                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          4410375                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data          422                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        10009                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       105342                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data         2564                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total           118337                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       114696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        61888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             282422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data             653331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       185902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       240464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst             844816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data             840407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       551685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2946377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst            9585409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data            3016390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        93500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       112001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst             456153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data             761368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total                20746809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       114696                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        61888                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            282422                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data            653331                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       185902                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       240464                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst            844816                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data            840407                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       551685                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2946377                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst           9585409                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data           3016390                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        93500                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       112001                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst            456153                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data            761368                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total               20746809                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         2041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        17200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total                40624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        21553                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        12729                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        37825                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        20633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total             92740                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        10075                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        11004                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        25652                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         8755                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           55486                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         87589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data        111784                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        136252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         94797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             430422                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        21881                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        49117                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       242311                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        31622                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          344931                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data       183283                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       208362                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       355380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       165867                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         912892                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        14824                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        18309                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        52477                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        15842                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total         101452                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            21881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data           270872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst            49117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data           320146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        17200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           242311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data           491632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            31622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data           260664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               1728869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2335                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          288                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           21881                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data          270872                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         2041                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           49117                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data          320146                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        17200                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13013                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          242311                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data          491632                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          812                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           31622                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data          260664                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              1728869                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       117031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        62176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       188841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       242505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       568885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2959390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        95496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       112813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total            4347137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4082947                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4082947                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      9183446                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total      9183446                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        23954                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        17559                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        39976                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        22008                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          103497                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        10354                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        12174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        26296                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         9311                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         58135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data       185631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       238186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       661166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       206560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1291543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       304303                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       893933                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      9827720                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       487775                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      11513731                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       738572                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       922367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2846856                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       815472                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5323267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        15246                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        28318                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       157819                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        18406                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       219789                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       117031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        62176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         304303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         924203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       188841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       242505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         893933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        1160553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       568885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2959390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst        9827720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data        3508022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        95496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       112813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         487775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        1022032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total            22475678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       117031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        62176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        304303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        924203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       188841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       242505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst        893933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       1160553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       568885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2959390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst       9827720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data       3508022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        95496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       112813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst        487775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       1022032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total           22475678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.019952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.004632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.015563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.020901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.899766                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.724927                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.946193                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.937523                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.896065                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.973054                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.903894                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.975510                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.940286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.954434                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.471845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.469314                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.206078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.458932                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.333262                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.071905                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.054945                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024656                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.064829                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.029958                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.248159                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.225899                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.124832                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.203400                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.171491                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.972321                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.646550                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.332514                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.860698                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.461588                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.019952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.004632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.071905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.293087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.015563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.054945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.275856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.024656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.140145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.020901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.064829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.255045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.076922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.019952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.004632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.071905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.293087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.015563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.054945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.275856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.140145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.020901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.064829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.255045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.076922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              716989                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   716989                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       1759152                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      18626807                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8675584                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2590022                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               54821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6086043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              46392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             46392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4183241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4345874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           428436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         226779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          582339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2318975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2317266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6031222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1092280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1092254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1605167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1605167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        20088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        53304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7827160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total      7900552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        32200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3748036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total      3780440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        34578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9948737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total      9998303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        46760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5520788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total      5567852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               28852314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34241856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34241856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       106608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    233845568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    233968122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        64400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    110909184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total    110973713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9123                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        69156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    267579840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total    267658119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        93520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    155454208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total    155547912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               802389722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10198905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.364945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.726529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 7567960     74.20%     74.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1958625     19.20%     93.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  253547      2.49%     95.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  418773      4.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10198905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     21988822                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9775184                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3313992                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        678448                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       483974                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       194474                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           2223034                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         11411141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            15359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           15359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3849014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4480265                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean            777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        2419323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         117466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        70508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        187974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1520227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1520227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      4482313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4705794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        14336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        14336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       228147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       228147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1584907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      6724963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       221154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       258250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1397233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3541911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       193964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       256150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      9372424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      6332395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1955080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1163320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1090327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3056193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       158040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       197436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             37503747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     67611776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    221337202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       884616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1033000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     59604352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    118752516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       775856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1024600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    399879168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    201752891                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      7820320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      4653280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     46509696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    103131913                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       632160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       789744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            1236193090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        4014126                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 79130176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        17188851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.304725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.774598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              14308007     83.24%     83.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               1421051      8.27%     91.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                641474      3.73%     95.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                741022      4.31%     99.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 76439      0.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                   348      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                   262      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                   248      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          17188851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     11248612                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4892907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1955750                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        529995                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       340741                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       189254                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq            816647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          5549156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             7042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            7042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2491629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1598989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1377306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          86324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        45302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        131626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          794237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         794237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1601037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3131472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        73722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        73722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1724143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3292239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       293212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       295700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       903418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2858366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        79310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       171492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       978223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2810343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       146312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       180988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1195279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3210057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       177980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       269980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total             18587042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     73552512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    111044689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1172848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1182800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     38534912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     95463640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       317240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       685968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     41726592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     96185602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       585248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       723952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     50987648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    108080230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       711920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1079920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total             622035721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        2099600                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                 36936128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         8521330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.397852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.881582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               6704737     78.68%     78.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                870839     10.22%     88.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                404053      4.74%     93.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                457269      5.37%     99.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 83577      0.98%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                   266      0.00%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                   297      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                   284      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           8521330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18218465                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8347841                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2079591                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        663738                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       483728                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       180010                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq           4366309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp         12019706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq            12402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp           12402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3302563                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2188180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict        3383620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          98821                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        47924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        146745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1121454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1121454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2190228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5463169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        51968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        51968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       241678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       241678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1346491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3525533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       176070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       281294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1287796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3463157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       194930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       225952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      2784160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     10552863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       262302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side      7157136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1150189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3244224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       156162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       254010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total             36062269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     57439360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    115240299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       704280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side      1125176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     54935040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    117015045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       779720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       903808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    118779904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    291563763                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side      1049208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side     28628544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     49063808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    109039076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       624648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side      1016040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total             947907719                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                        4198833                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                 71684864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples        17641129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.212146                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.659464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0              15533786     88.05%     88.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1               1121395      6.36%     94.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                411652      2.33%     96.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                500907      2.84%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                 72599      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                   255      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                   340      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                   192      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total          17641129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     37542615                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17473608                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4544899                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        735436                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       548677                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       186759                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10891617946971500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq           4366885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp         21278700                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq            11589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp           11589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4082947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11511683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        2649761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         114837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        69300                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        184137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1296077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1296077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     11513731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5398084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       219952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       219952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       912397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      2911003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       125500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       236142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      2681287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      3710606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       486382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       380958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     29482648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     11162353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5919690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1139684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1462813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      3194486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       227316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       194212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total             64227477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     38918016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     98213546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       502000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       944568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    114390656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    124557628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1945528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1523832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1257915392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    359087756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     23678760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      4558736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     62402432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    107969686                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       909264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       776848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total            2198294648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        2792055                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 45887296                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples        25584401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.284448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.721303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              21211638     82.91%     82.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1               2540009      9.93%     92.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                833407      3.26%     96.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                928414      3.63%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 70045      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                   351      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                   317      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                   220      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total          25584401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
