
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               2238.475183                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2238475182882500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8985598237663500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2288475                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2562299                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           412685758298                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5028492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5424.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 12413065760                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   13898328123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker        92928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        53056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       2462656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data       7333568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       110848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        32320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst        969600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       5038784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       2345856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       7770944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        83328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       1390528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       5958208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       157184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        40896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst        934528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       4846528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        65472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        960192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       5376640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        55552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1471744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       5009536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        44416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        758848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       4137344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        41152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst        714816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       4627072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        62080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker         5952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst        897344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       5981824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        57536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst        541504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       5055232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        71232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker         5568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst        810688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       5187584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        82240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        25280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst        795840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       4484096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        97728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        44160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       1381184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       6648896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker       738240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       680960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      13931072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      14898944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        59968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        15296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       1023488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       4556800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          131198912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      2462656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst       969600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      2345856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      1390528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst       934528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       960192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1471744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       758848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst       714816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst       897344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst       541504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst       810688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst       795840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      1381184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     13931072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      1023488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      31389888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     74495552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        74495552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         1452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker          829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          38479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data         114587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          15150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data          78731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         1008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          36654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         121421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         1302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          21727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          93097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         2456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          14602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          75727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         1023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          15003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          84010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          22996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          78274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          11857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          64646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          11169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          72298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          14021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          93466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst           8461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data          78988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker         1113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker           87                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          12667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          81056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker         1285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          12435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          70064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         1527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          21581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         103889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        11535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        10640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         217673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         232796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker          937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          15992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          71200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2049983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1163993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1163993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           42                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             3276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker           50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data             2251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           29                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst             1048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data             3472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker           37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             2662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           70                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker           18                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data             2165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker           29                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data             2402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data             2238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker           20                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data             1848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker           18                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data             2067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker           28                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data             2672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker           26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst              242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data             2258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker           32                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data             2317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker           37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data             2003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           44                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           20                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data             2970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             6223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             6656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data             2036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 58611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst         1048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          401                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst          242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         6223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            14023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           33280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                33280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           33280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           42                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            3276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data            2251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           29                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst            1048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data            3472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker           37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            2662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           70                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker           18                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data            2165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker           29                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data            2402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data            2238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data            1848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker           18                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data            2067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker           28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data            2672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker           26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst             242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data            2258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker           32                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data            2317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker           37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data            2003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           44                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data            2970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            6223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            6656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data            2036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                91890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         365319149846423.687500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           365319149846423.687500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8985598237663500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         365319149846423.687500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           365319149846423.687500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8985598237663500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         365319149846423.687500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           365319149846423.687500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8985598237663500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         365319149846423.687500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           365319149846423.687500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8985598237663500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   111                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                     454656                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          111                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   50748                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               50748                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        50748                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         50748    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        50748                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        50113     99.26%     99.26% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          291      0.58%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           83      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        50487                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        50748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        50748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        50487                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        50487                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       101235                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   42638795                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    44428                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  43332628                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    6320                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    923                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                  794                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     316                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               42683223                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              43338948                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        85971423                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         50748                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    86022171                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   61688                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               61688                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        61688                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         61688    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        61688                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        61307     99.43%     99.43% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          350      0.57%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        61657                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        61688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        61688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        61657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        61657                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       123345                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                  775055308                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    61688                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    690                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses              775116996                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                       775055308                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         61688                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                   775116996                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              6230                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3115                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   718472283408.670044                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  5015546105479.358398                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          885     28.41%     28.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2135     68.54%     96.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.03%     96.98% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.03%     97.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           93      2.99%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113071472                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3115                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  434020064493                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238041162818007                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   17901724749976                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   3116                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 775113757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   868038947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts             750377115                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           778017691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses              188178                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                  33481197                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts     96465632                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  778017691                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                     188178                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads        1175557050                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        591058235                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            239445                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes           108961                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads         2510557566                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes         616967062                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    95911124                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  52547753                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 43363371                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             17898253767759.660156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             3470982216.339857                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000194                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999806                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                       125459994                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                5159      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu               764337393     88.05%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                7670606      0.88%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   21384      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                  17327      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                  36992      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                  20636      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                 17394      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               52547753      6.05%     95.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              43363355      5.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                868042155                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         465.682057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          86012689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1114761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           77.157964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   465.682057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.909535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       173140139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      173140139                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     41666102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41666102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     42970551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42970551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data        60702                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        60702                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         1351                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data        83860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        83860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data        69645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        69645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     84638004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       84638004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     84698706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      84698706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data       851977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       851977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       255509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       255509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        13323                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13323                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        23596                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        23596                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         1717                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1717                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        14356                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14356                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      1131082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      1131082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      1144405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      1144405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     42518079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42518079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     43226060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43226060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data        74025                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        74025                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        24947                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        24947                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data        85577                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        85577                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data        84001                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        84001                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     85769086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85769086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     85843111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85843111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.020038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.005911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.179980                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.179980                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.945845                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.945845                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.020064                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020064                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.170903                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.170903                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.013188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.013331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       813252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          813252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              1076901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         775116965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs          730042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         1061.742975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1550963972                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses     1550963972                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst    774386923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     774386923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst    774386923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total      774386923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst    774386923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total     774386923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst       730042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       730042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst       730042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total       730042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst       730042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total       730042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    775116965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    775116965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    775116965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    775116965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    775116965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    775116965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks       729530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total          729530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements               729530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   34346                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               34346                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        34346                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         34346    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        34346                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32722     99.66%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           37      0.11%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           74      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32833                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        34346                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        34346                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        32833                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32833                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        67179                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                   40756254                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    25564                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                  41938568                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                    8782                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    161                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                   67                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                      12                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses               40781818                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses              41947350                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                        82694822                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         34346                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                    82729168                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   18619                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               18619                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        18619                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         18619    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        18619                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        18431     99.41%     99.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          109      0.59%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        18540                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        18619                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        18619                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        18540                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        18540                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        37159                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                  776571692                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    18619                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    239                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses              776590311                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                       776571692                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         18619                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                   776590311                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              4222                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2111                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1060180555041.134521                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  18565094960323.441406                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          686     32.50%     32.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1405     66.56%     99.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           20      0.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 778307797449500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2111                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  434031190665                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238041151691835                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   2920334772977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   2112                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 776587458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   868060948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts             760924843                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           778167708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               59512                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  32884074                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts     95929329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  778167708                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      59512                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        1173920220                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        591790151                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             59280                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes              232                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         2550309421                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes         631939203                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                    92756634                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  50779324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 41977310                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             2919768531998.164062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             566240978.836057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000194                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999806                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       124150192                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu               767534320     88.42%     88.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                7756327      0.89%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   12227      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4214      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead               50779324      5.85%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite              41977294      4.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                868063722                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         376.783528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs          82717505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1084618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           76.264182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   376.783528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.735905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.735905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       166529484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      166529484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data     39881525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39881525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data     41570976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41570976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        42065                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        42065                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data          252                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          252                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        57609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        45435                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        45435                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data     81452753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       81452753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data     81494818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      81494818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       788180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       788180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       213397                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       213397                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         8860                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8860                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        96385                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        96385                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          996                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          996                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data        11825                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11825                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1097962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1097962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1106822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1106822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data     40669705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40669705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data     41784373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41784373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        50925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        50925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        96637                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        96637                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        58605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        58605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        57260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        57260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data     82550715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     82550715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data     82601640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     82601640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.019380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.005107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.173981                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.173981                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.997392                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.997392                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.016995                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016995                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.206514                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.206514                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       843630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          843630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1052688                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.351292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs         776590232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          375533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         2067.968013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.351292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.998733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1553555997                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     1553555997                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst    776214699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     776214699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst    776214699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total      776214699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst    776214699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total     776214699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       375533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       375533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       375533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       375533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       375533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       375533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst    776590232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    776590232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst    776590232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total    776590232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst    776590232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total    776590232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       375021                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          375021                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               375021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                   38448                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong               38448                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38448                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38448    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38448                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    222161964                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     222161964    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    222161964                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37465     99.36%     99.36% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          138      0.37%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          102      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37705                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        38448                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38448                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        37705                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37705                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        76153                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                   42754191                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                    32293                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                  43103488                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                    6155                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    539                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  263                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     174                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses               42786484                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses              43109643                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                        85857679                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                         38448                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                    85896127                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   37300                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               37300                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37300                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37300    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37300                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    222467964                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0     222467964    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total    222467964                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36921     99.59%     99.59% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          152      0.41%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37073                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        37300                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37300                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        37073                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37073                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        74373                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                  784295680                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    37300                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    432                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses              784332980                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                       784295680                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         37300                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                   784332980                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              4057                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2029                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1058298714698.371582                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  17151057041176.964844                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          659     32.48%     32.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1346     66.34%     98.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.05%     98.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           23      1.13%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 574717628361000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2029                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  91187090759504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2147288092122996                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   17950564315415                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   2029                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 784329711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   877133132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts             762879295                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           786478046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses              133095                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  33313544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts     97311469                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  786478046                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                     133095                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        1184597792                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        598807853                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            162337                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            61248                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads         2546056441                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes         632044176                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                    95888293                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  52754003                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 43134290                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             17947047396972.398438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             3516918442.603406                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000196                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999804                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       126048768                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                2848      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu               773406952     88.17%     88.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                7765680      0.89%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   16049      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  10019      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  20976      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  11392      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                  9804      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4144      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead               52754003      6.01%     95.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite              43134258      4.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                877136174                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         441.037193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs          85881205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1104161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           77.779604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6837871578015500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   441.037193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.861401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.861401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       172879001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      172879001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data     41728850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41728850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data     42712219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42712219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        83610                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        83610                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         2473                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2473                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       110840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       110840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        96638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        96638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data     84443542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       84443542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data     84527152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      84527152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       843349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       843349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       245669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       245669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        14075                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        14075                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        27136                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        27136                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        14681                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14681                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      1116154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      1116154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      1130229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      1130229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data     42572199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42572199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data     42957888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42957888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        97685                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        97685                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        29609                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        29609                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       112448                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       112448                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       111319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       111319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data     85559696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85559696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data     85657381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85657381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.019810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.144086                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.144086                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.916478                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.916478                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.014300                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014300                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.131882                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.131882                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       814515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          814515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              1070168                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         491.243338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs         784332753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          564201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs         1390.165478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6837871578010500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   491.243338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.959460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1569229707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     1569229707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst    783768552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     783768552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst    783768552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total      783768552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst    783768552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total     783768552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       564201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       564201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       564201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       564201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       564201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       564201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst    784332753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    784332753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst    784332753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total    784332753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst    784332753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total    784332753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       563689                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          563689                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               563689                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   25035                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               25035                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        25035                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         25035    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        25035                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1847494332                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1847494332    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1847494332                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        24604     99.59%     99.59% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           46      0.19%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           55      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        24705                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        25035                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        25035                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        24705                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        24705                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        49740                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                   40176710                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    20781                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                  41135097                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    4254                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    340                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  181                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                      58                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses               40197491                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses              41139351                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        81311807                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         25035                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    81336842                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   27441                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               27441                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        27441                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         27441    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        27441                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1894710332                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1894710332    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1894710332                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        27340     99.89%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           31      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        27371                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        27441                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        27441                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        27371                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        27371                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        54812                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                  763704090                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    27441                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    393                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses              763731531                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                       763704090                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         27441                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                   763731531                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              3863                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1932                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1158410036505.022705                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  33243130534002.687500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          538     27.85%     27.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1374     71.12%     98.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.05%     99.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           19      0.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1228238359415000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1932                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  426992354796                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238048190527704                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   16399221003276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                   1932                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 763729860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   853984403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts             749500363                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           764823284                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               64017                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  32458987                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts     95079880                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  764823284                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      64017                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        1157393024                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        580223091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             64354                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes             4367                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         2509810025                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes         614941330                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                    91209716                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  50043992                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 41165724                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             16396092828399.386719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             3128174876.613849                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000191                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999809                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       122984897                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 175      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu               755098386     88.42%     88.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                7657960      0.90%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   12861      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                    484      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                    991      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                    700      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                   527      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead               50043992      5.86%     95.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite              41165708      4.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                853986004                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         376.442165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          81332050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1002839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           81.101802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   376.442165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.735239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.735239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.822266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       163667323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      163667323                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data     39300359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39300359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data     40858152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40858152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        40154                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        40154                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data          552                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          552                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        54102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        54102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        43378                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        43378                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     80159063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       80159063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     80199217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      80199217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       791998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       791998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       206794                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       206794                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         7315                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7315                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        17429                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17429                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data        10716                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10716                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1016221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1016221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1023536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1023536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data     40092357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40092357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data     41064946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41064946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        47469                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        47469                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        17981                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17981                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        55203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        55203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        54094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        54094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     81175284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81175284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     81222753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81222753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.019754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.005036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.154101                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.154101                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.969301                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.969301                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.019945                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019945                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.198100                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.198100                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       794240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          794240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               975085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         499.026769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs         763731461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          370977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         2058.702995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   499.026769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.974662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1527833899                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     1527833899                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst    763360484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     763360484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst    763360484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total      763360484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst    763360484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total     763360484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       370977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       370977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       370977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       370977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       370977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       370977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst    763731461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    763731461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst    763731461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total    763731461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst    763731461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total    763731461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       370465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          370465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               370465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   40094                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               40094                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40094                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40094    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40094                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        39604     99.26%     99.26% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          166      0.42%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          128      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39898                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        40094                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40094                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        39898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39898                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        79992                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   39966935                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    35266                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  41072447                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    4828                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    199                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  326                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       7                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               40002201                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              41077275                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        81039382                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         40094                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    81079476                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   35610                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               35610                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        35610                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         35610    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        35610                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        35460     99.60%     99.60% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          141      0.40%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        35601                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        35610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        35610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        35601                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        35601                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        71211                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                  763113040                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    35610                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    288                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses              763148650                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                       763113040                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         35610                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                   763148650                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              4647                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2323                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   963430223922.299194                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  30309314567206.644531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          672     28.93%     28.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1640     70.60%     99.53% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.04%     99.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           10      0.43%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1228240871532000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2323                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  426772710999                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238048410171501                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   16399205003942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   2325                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 763146939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   853545323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts             750515471                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           764289388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              141998                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                  32524473                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts     95080738                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  764289388                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     141998                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads        1156112793                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        579464007                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            180818                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            75558                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads         2512866925                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes         616000383                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    91038589                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  49935121                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 41103468                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             16396078441241.066406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             3126562700.934805                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000191                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999809                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                       123004542                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                3719      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu               754718740     88.42%     88.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                7702295      0.90%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   13581      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  12299      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  26295      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  14876      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 12427      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               49935121      5.85%     95.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              41103452      4.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                853547025                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         357.072266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          81075365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          979504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           82.771857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   357.072266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.697407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.697407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       163130362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      163130362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     39178088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39178088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     40788433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40788433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        25222                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        25222                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data          583                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          583                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        39993                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        39993                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        29873                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29873                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     79967104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       79967104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     79992326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      79992326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       748043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       748043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       231367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       231367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         7222                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7222                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        15316                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15316                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         1279                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1279                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         9946                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9946                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       994726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       994726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1001948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1001948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     39926131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39926131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     41019800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41019800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        32444                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        32444                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        15899                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15899                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        41272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        41272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        39819                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        39819                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     80961830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80961830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     80994274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80994274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.018736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.005640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.222599                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.222599                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.963331                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.963331                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.030990                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030990                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.249780                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.249780                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.012286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.012371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       747604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          747604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               947920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.999281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs         763148641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          424239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs         1798.864887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   510.999281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.998045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1526721521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses     1526721521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst    762724402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     762724402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst    762724402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total      762724402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst    762724402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total     762724402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       424239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       424239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       424239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       424239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       424239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       424239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst    763148641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    763148641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst    763148641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total    763148641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst    763148641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total    763148641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       423727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          423727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               423727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   34563                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               34563                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        34563                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         34563    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        34563                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -951708924                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -951708924    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -951708924                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        34088     99.47%     99.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           38      0.11%     99.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          145      0.42%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        34271                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        34563                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        34563                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        34271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        34271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        68834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   39774508                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    29334                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  40880039                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    5229                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    231                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   92                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      50                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               39803842                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              40885268                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        80654547                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         34563                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    80689110                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   20466                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               20466                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        20466                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         20466    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        20466                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -951713924                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -951713924    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -951713924                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        20397     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           21      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20418                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        20466                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        20466                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        20418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        40884                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                  770811554                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    20466                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    262                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses              770832020                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                       770811554                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         20466                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                   770832020                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions              4204                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2102                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1021543457903.842041                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9167834767754.923828                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          651     30.97%     30.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1423     67.70%     98.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           28      1.33%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2102                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  91190834368624                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2147284348513876                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   17935188441535                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                   2103                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 770830597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   861105780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts             759088424                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           771785545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               55756                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                  32472329                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts     95141602                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  771785545                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      55756                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads        1163918861                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        586865200                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             56274                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes             1812                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads         2541686764                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes         629469858                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    90685777                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  49774049                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 40911728                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             17931738750762.640625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             3449690772.361988                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000192                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999808                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                       122945284                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                  83      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu               762652246     88.57%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                7752207      0.90%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   11301      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    285      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                    465      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                    332      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                   255      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               49774049      5.78%     95.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              40911712      4.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                861107155                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.728386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          80684278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          945474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           85.337384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6837883336266500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   401.728386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.784626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       162314798                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      162314798                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     38977419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      38977419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data     40619008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40619008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        30864                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        30864                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          162                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          162                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        42824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        42824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        30954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     79596589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       79596589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     79627453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      79627453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       742527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       742527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       207338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       207338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         7046                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7046                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        13718                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13718                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data        11503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       963583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       963583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       970629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       970629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     39719946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39719946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data     40826346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40826346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        37910                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        37910                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        13880                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13880                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        43739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        43739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        42457                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        42457                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     80560172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80560172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     80598082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80598082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.018694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.005079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.185861                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.185861                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.988329                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.988329                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.020920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.270933                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.270933                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.011961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.012043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       722039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          722039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               912885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         491.240657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs         770831972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          292487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs         2635.440112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6837883336261500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   491.240657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.959454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1541956431                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses     1541956431                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst    770539485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     770539485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst    770539485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total      770539485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst    770539485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total     770539485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       292487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       292487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       292487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       292487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       292487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       292487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst    770831972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    770831972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst    770831972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total    770831972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst    770831972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total    770831972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       291975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          291975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               291975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   30478                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               30478                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        30478                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         30478    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        30478                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -948370832                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -948370832    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -948370832                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29933     99.49%     99.49% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           88      0.29%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           65      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        30086                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        30478                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        30478                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        30086                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        30086                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        60564                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                   41234085                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    25855                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                  42331478                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    4623                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    651                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  119                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     169                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses               41259940                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses              42336101                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                        83565563                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         30478                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                    83596041                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   29176                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               29176                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        29176                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         29176    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        29176                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -997368332                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -997368332    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -997368332                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29053     99.78%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           65      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29118                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        29176                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        29176                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        29118                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29118                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        58294                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                  770110469                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    29176                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    486                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses              770139645                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                       770110469                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         29176                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                   770139645                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              4065                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2033                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1100858058087.444580                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  34338500293409.296875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          605     29.76%     29.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1424     70.04%     99.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      0.20%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1330989021963500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2033                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  430750790725                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238044432091775                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   16399213003819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                   2033                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 770137380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   861500732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts             756685757                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           771645571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses              125427                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  32644191                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts     96042334                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  771645571                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                     125427                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads        1166172215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        585416140                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            148155                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            51026                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads         2514619414                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         617976375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                    93496150                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                  51134102                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 42362048                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             16396057295925.212891                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             3155707893.787893                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000192                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999808                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                       124277797                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                2548      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu               760262661     88.25%     88.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                7680292      0.89%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   13958      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   7858      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                  16249      0.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                  10192      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  8827      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead               51134102      5.94%     95.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite              42362032      4.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                861502939                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         339.466586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs          83591436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          989939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           84.440997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   339.466586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.663021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.663021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       168173067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      168173067                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data     40400176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40400176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data     42033036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42033036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        38929                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        38929                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1731                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        53310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        53310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        43016                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        43016                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data     82434943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       82434943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data     82473872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      82473872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       756590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       756590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       222385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       222385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         7476                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7476                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        23472                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        23472                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data         1125                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1125                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data        10190                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10190                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data      1002447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total      1002447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data      1009923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total      1009923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data     41156766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41156766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data     42255421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42255421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        46405                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        46405                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        25203                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        25203                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        54435                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        54435                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        53206                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        53206                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data     83437390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     83437390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data     83483795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     83483795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.018383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.005263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.161103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.161103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.931318                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.931318                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.020667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.191520                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.191520                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       796805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          796805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               964099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         499.026641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs         770139587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          386341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs         1993.419251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   499.026641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.974661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1540665515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     1540665515                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst    769753246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     769753246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst    769753246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total      769753246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst    769753246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total     769753246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       386341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       386341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       386341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       386341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       386341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       386341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst    770139587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    770139587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst    770139587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total    770139587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst    770139587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total    770139587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       385829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          385829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               385829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   29569                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               29569                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        29569                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         29569    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        29569                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    -22054332                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     -22054332    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    -22054332                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29247     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           39      0.13%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           55      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29341                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        29569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        29569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        29341                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29341                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        58910                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                   39917998                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    24530                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                  41049739                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    5039                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    277                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   69                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                      15                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses               39942528                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses              41054778                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        80967737                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         29569                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    80997306                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   22695                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               22695                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        22695                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         22695    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        22695                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22654     99.93%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        22669                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        22695                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        22695                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        22669                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        22669                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        45364                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                  774362645                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    22695                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    355                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses              774385340                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                       774362645                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         22695                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                   774385340                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              4232                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2116                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1057676152111.259888                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8471291951735.298828                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          645     30.48%     30.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1432     67.67%     98.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           39      1.84%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2116                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  432445015074                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238042737867426                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   17950564246793                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                   2117                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 774384018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   864890136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts             762274326                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           775242281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               56665                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                  32563094                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts     95466009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  775242281                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      56665                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads        1169089539                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        589991998                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             56694                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             1393                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads         2550845787                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes         632419272                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    90982919                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  49901704                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 41081215                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             17947096425525.136719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             3467821267.863941                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000193                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999807                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                       123373592                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                  60      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu               766118175     88.58%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                7773656      0.90%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   11589      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    139      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                    272      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                    240      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   176      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead               49901704      5.77%     95.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite              41081199      4.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                864891432                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         418.019778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          80992652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          955637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           84.752528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   418.019778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.816445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.816445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       162941709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      162941709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data     39135214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39135214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data     40778964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40778964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        25333                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        25333                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          147                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          147                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        38263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        38263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        27400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        27400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     79914325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       79914325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     79939658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      79939658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       733676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       733676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data       221213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       221213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         6890                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6890                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        14084                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14084                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          970                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          970                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data        10498                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10498                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       968973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       968973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       975863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       975863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data     39868890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39868890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data     41000177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41000177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        32223                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        32223                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        14231                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14231                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        39233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        39233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        37898                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        37898                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     80883298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80883298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     80915521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80915521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.018402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.213822                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.213822                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.989670                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.989670                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.024724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.277007                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.277007                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.011980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       779793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          779793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               927382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.123282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs         774385314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          305484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs         2534.945575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   504.123282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.984616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1549076112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     1549076112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst    774079830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     774079830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst    774079830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total      774079830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst    774079830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total     774079830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       305484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       305484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       305484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       305484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       305484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       305484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst    774385314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    774385314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst    774385314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total    774385314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst    774385314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total    774385314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       304972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          304972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               304972                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   29311                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               29311                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        29311                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         29311    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        29311                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1247413668                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1247413668    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1247413668                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        28985     99.66%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           36      0.12%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           62      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29083                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        29311                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        29311                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        29083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        58394                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   39330689                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    25188                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  40490350                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                    4123                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    209                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                   52                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                      15                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses               39355877                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              40494473                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                        79821039                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         29311                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                    79850350                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   21433                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               21433                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        21433                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         21433    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        21433                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1204380168                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1204380168    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1204380168                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        21399     99.94%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           13      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        21412                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        21433                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        21433                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        21412                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        21412                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        42845                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  758990778                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    21433                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    287                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              759012211                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       758990778                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         21433                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   759012211                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              3535                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1768                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1265865904097.399414                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  37364073876669.015625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          452     25.57%     25.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1312     74.21%     99.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      0.23%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1357821022484500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1768                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  424264438298                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238050918444202                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   16399229003978                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                   1768                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 759010902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   848528866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             748253969                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           759753543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               60185                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  32182432                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     94509034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  759753543                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      60185                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads        1149873581                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        576361752                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads             60214                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes             1393                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads         2506405572                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         613174103                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                    89747239                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  49227422                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 40519817                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             16396120812486.261719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             3108191491.737398                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000190                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999810                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       122065969                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                  60      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               751132411     88.52%     88.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7634000      0.90%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   11477      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                    139      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                    272      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                    240      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                   176      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead               49227422      5.80%     95.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              40519801      4.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                848530154                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         392.838133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs          79846459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          943366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           84.639958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   392.838133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.767262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.767262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       160636668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      160636668                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     38565608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      38565608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     40227053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40227053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        21803                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        21803                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data          152                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          152                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        33468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        24618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        24618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data     78792813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       78792813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data     78814616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      78814616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       726117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       726117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       218235                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       218235                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         5879                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5879                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        14051                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14051                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         8668                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8668                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data       958403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       958403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data       964282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       964282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data     39291725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39291725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     40445288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40445288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        27682                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        27682                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        14203                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14203                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        34275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        34275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        33286                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        33286                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data     79751216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79751216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data     79778898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79778898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.005396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.212376                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.212376                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.989298                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.989298                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.023545                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023545                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.260410                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.260410                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       745837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          745837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements               918074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         499.026327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         759012190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          297690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs         2549.673116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   499.026327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.974661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1518322070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1518322070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    758714500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     758714500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    758714500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      758714500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    758714500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     758714500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       297690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       297690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       297690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       297690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       297690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       297690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    759012190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    759012190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    759012190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    759012190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    759012190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    759012190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       297178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          297178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               297178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   44737                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               44737                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        44737                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         44737    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        44737                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -388447628                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -388447628    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -388447628                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        44235     99.58%     99.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           42      0.09%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          146      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        44423                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        44737                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        44737                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        44423                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        44423                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        89160                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                   42550899                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    38002                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                  43976728                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                    6735                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    300                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                   73                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                      56                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses               42588901                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses              43983463                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                        86527627                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         44737                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                    86572364                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   17526                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               17526                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        17526                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         17526    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        17526                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -431369128                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -431369128    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -431369128                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17473     99.89%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           20      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        17493                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        17526                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        17526                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        17493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        17493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        35019                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                  805982841                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    17526                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    365                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses              806000367                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                       805982841                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         17526                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                   806000367                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions              3975                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1988                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1125766526705.113770                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  35301767599600.515625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          586     29.48%     29.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1399     70.37%     99.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.15%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1361145091892000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1988                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  451327792734                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238023855089766                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   16399197003475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                   1988                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 805998816                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   902655414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts             793939480                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           808895929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               75149                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                  34886857                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts    100174824                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  808895929                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      75149                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads        1223958094                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        610994331                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             65644                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes             9701                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads         2666130036                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes         648573758                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                    97322598                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  53309264                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 44013334                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             16395890550368.529297                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             3306453106.469367                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000202                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999798                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                       129865511                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   7      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu               797356374     88.33%     88.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                7961541      0.88%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   12154      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                     21      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                     42      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                     28      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                    21      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4146      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead               53309264      5.91%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite              44013302      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                902656932                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         323.622026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs          86567237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1029670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           84.072797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   323.622026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.632074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.632074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       174164400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses      174164400                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data     41694290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41694290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data     43701874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43701874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        29043                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        29043                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data            6                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        41450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        41450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        28113                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28113                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data     85396170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       85396170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data     85425213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      85425213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       812521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       812521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data       221098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       221098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         8415                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8415                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        16488                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16488                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data        13022                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13022                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data      1050107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total      1050107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data      1058522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total      1058522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data     42506811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42506811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data     43922972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43922972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        37458                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        37458                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        16494                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16494                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        42367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        42367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        41135                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        41135                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data     86446277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     86446277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data     86483735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     86483735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.019115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.224652                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.224652                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.999636                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.999636                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.021644                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021644                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.316567                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.316567                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       790823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          790823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               989654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         499.025944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs         806000334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          294308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs         2738.628695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   499.025944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.974660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1612294976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses     1612294976                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst    805706026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     805706026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst    805706026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total      805706026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst    805706026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total     805706026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       294308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       294308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       294308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       294308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       294308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       294308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst    806000334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    806000334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst    806000334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total    806000334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst    806000334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total    806000334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       293796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          293796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               293796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                   30417                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong               30417                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        30417                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         30417    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        30417                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -252423716                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -252423716    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -252423716                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        30134     99.53%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.05%     99.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          127      0.42%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        30276                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        30417                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        30417                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        30276                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        30276                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        60693                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                   35724095                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                    25234                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                  37538332                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                    5183                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    229                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                   41                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       7                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses               35749329                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses              37543515                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                        73262427                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                         30417                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                    73292844                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   10682                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               10682                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10682                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10682    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10682                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    460695520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0     460695520    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total    460695520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10657     99.84%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           17      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10674                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10682                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10682                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10674                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10674                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21356                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                  703530017                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    10682                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    296                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses              703540699                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                       703530017                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         10682                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                   703540699                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              2615                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1308                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   600986601555.441162                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7064423731113.613281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          347     26.53%     26.53% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          950     72.63%     99.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           11      0.84%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1308                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1452384708047983                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 786090474834517                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   17950564312925                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                   1308                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 703539740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   786519611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts             690333809                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           704300331                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               42208                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  29669092                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts     87525610                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  704300331                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      42208                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads        1061218354                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        536989254                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             42176                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes               32                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads         2313827011                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         575166018                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                    83416936                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                  45851356                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 37565580                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             17947410721834.023438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             3153591090.976317                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000176                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999824                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                       112932123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu               695841706     88.47%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                7249076      0.92%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                    8643      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4201      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead               45851356      5.83%     95.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite              37565580      4.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                786520562                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         162.126018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs          73287577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          876689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           83.595867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    8199114503030500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   162.126018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.316652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.316652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       147451971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      147451971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data     34984137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34984137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data     37285284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     37285284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        33507                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        33507                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data           12                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        43442                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43442                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        32032                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32032                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data     72269433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       72269433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data     72302940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      72302940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       677939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       677939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       202889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       202889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         7451                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7451                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         9006                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         9006                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          613                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          613                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data        11265                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11265                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       889834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       889834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       897285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       897285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data     35662076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35662076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data     37488173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37488173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        40958                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        40958                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         9018                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         9018                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        44055                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        44055                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        43297                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        43297                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data     73159267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     73159267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data     73200225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     73200225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.019010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.181918                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.181918                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.998669                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.998669                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013914                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013914                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.260180                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.260180                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       668925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          668925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               845310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         179.881119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs         703540691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          232671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs         3023.757542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    8199114503025500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   179.881119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.351330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.351330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1407314053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     1407314053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst    703308020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     703308020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst    703308020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total      703308020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst    703308020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total     703308020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       232671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       232671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       232671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       232671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       232671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       232671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst    703540691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    703540691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst    703540691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total    703540691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst    703540691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total    703540691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       232159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          232159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               232159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   39756                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               39756                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        39756                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         39756    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        39756                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -125493128                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -125493128    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -125493128                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        39213     99.30%     99.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           45      0.11%     99.42% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          231      0.58%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39489                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        39756                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        39756                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        39489                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39489                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        79245                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                   39793173                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    33758                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                  40872727                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    5998                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    187                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                   88                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                      25                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses               39826931                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses              40878725                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                        80665900                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         39756                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                    80705656                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   22530                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               22530                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        22530                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         22530    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        22530                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -126123128                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -126123128    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -126123128                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22478     99.93%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        22493                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        22530                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        22530                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        22493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        22493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        45023                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                  751563149                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    22530                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    170                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses              751585679                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                       751563149                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         22530                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                   751585679                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions              4207                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1020578693763.289429                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  30187529120412.984375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          673     31.99%     31.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1420     67.49%     99.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           11      0.52%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1361165102330000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  91177611204539                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2147297571677961                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   17935260433825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                   2104                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                 751584303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                   841696253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts             739619849                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses           754213682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               53787                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                  32405135                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts     93505011                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                  754213682                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      53787                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads        1137150653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes        571883248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             53928                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes             1433                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads         2483139399                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes         610182142                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    90628805                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                  49724716                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                 40904089                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             17931888486549.042969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             3371947275.955734                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000188                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999812                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                       121027331                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                  55      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu               743515988     88.34%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                7536911      0.90%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   10784      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                    170      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                    342      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                    220      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                   177      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead               49724716      5.91%     95.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite              40904073      4.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                841697592                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         407.667305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs          80700861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          945410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           85.360702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6837879817889500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   407.667305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.796225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.796225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       162347132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses      162347132                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data     39007899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39007899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data     40605926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40605926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        29809                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        29809                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data          297                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          297                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        42285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        42285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        29624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data     79614122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       79614122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data     79643931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      79643931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       735072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       735072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data       213855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       213855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         8635                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8635                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        13873                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13873                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1168                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1168                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data        12418                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12418                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       962800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       962800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       971435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       971435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data     39742971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39742971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data     40819781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40819781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        38444                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        38444                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        14170                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14170                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        43453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        43453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        42042                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        42042                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data     80576922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80576922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     80615366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80615366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.018496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.224612                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.224612                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.979040                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.979040                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.026880                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026880                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.295371                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.295371                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.011949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       714051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          714051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               906565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         491.241451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs         751585642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          299167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs         2512.261185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6837879817884500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   491.241451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.959456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1503470451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses     1503470451                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst    751286475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     751286475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst    751286475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total      751286475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst    751286475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total     751286475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       299167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       299167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       299167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       299167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       299167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       299167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst    751585642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    751585642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst    751585642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total    751585642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst    751585642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total    751585642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       298655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          298655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               298655                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   39521                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               39521                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        39521                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         39521    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        39521                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1642768872                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1642768872    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1642768872                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        39020     99.54%     99.54% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           36      0.09%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          143      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39199                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        39521                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        39521                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        39199                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39199                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        78720                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                   39754064                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    34312                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                  40820055                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                    5209                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    266                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   62                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      70                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses               39788376                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses              40825264                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                        80574119                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         39521                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                    80613640                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   22391                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               22391                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        22391                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         22391    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        22391                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1595068872                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1595068872    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1595068872                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22318     99.93%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           16      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        22334                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        22391                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        22391                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        22334                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        22334                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        44725                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                  746497369                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    22391                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    183                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses              746519760                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                       746497369                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         22391                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                   746519760                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions              4267                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2134                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1006231683587.129761                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  33955593191978.304688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          661     30.97%     30.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1470     68.88%     99.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.14%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1357821035627000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2134                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  91176770107565                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2147298412774935                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   16399213003870                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                   2134                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 746518270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   836473733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts             734360703                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           748893100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               56909                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                  32332271                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts     93566932                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  748893100                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      56909                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads        1132505884                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        566552059                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             56677                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes              784                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads         2466284598                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes         600754114                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                    90510635                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                  49659992                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 40850643                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             16396148973667.693359                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             3064030202.306467                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000187                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999813                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                       121086410                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                  19      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu               738424420     88.28%     88.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                7524193      0.90%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   11444      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                     62      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                    119      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                     76      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                    58      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead               49659992      5.94%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite              40850627      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                836475166                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         370.723674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs          80609384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          905836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           88.988938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6837881588020500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   370.723674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.724070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.724070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.791016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       162124604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      162124604                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data     38989785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      38989785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data     40563959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40563959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        32695                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        32695                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          100                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          100                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        44830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        44830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        33364                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        33364                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data     79553844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       79553844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data     79586539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      79586539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       710895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       710895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data       200475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       200475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         6984                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6984                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        14276                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14276                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          965                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          965                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data        11056                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11056                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       925646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       925646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       932630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       932630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data     39700680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39700680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data     40764434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40764434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        39679                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        39679                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        14376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        45795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        45795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        44420                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        44420                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data     80479490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80479490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data     80519169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80519169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.017906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.004918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.176013                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.176013                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.993044                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.993044                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.021072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.248897                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.248897                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.011502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.011583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       689100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          689100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               870939                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         491.241047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs         746519703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          302312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs         2469.368411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6837881588015500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   491.241047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.959455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1493341718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     1493341718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst    746217391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     746217391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst    746217391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total      746217391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst    746217391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total     746217391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       302312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       302312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       302312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       302312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       302312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       302312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst    746519703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    746519703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst    746519703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total    746519703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst    746519703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total    746519703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       301800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          301800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               301800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   41500                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               41500                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        41500                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         41500    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        41500                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1889914872                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1889914872    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1889914872                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40968     99.45%     99.45% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           70      0.17%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          156      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41194                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        41500                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        41500                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41194                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41194                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        82694                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   40909053                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    35444                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  41706940                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    6056                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    444                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                  161                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      93                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               40944497                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              41712996                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        82615993                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         41500                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    82657493                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   28583                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               28583                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        28583                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         28583    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        28583                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1887431872                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1887431872    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1887431872                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        28468     99.79%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           59      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        28527                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        28583                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        28583                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        28527                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        28527                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        57110                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  758664274                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    28583                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    424                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              758692857                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       758664274                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         28583                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   758692857                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              4631                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2316                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   966342963381.646851                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8117528139925.682617                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          751     32.43%     32.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1521     65.67%     98.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           44      1.90%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2316                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  424879690606                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238050303191894                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   17901732749968                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   2316                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 758690968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   849758988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts             743766651                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           761627410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              120050                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  32754284                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     94384566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  761627410                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     120050                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads        1147693511                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        577816757                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            151998                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes            61874                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads         2490482550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes         613138365                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    92583993                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  50845952                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 41738041                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             17898334864411.230469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             3397885556.768141                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000190                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999810                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                       122343393                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                3058      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               749530785     88.20%     88.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                7571857      0.89%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   13457      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  10076      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  21545      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  12232      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                  9678      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               50845952      5.98%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              41738025      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                849760821                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         429.883483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          82651870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1021738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           80.893409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   429.883483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.839616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       166325862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      166325862                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     40031162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40031162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     41404178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41404178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        42570                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        42570                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data          478                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          478                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data        60996                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        60996                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        46358                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46358                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     81435818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       81435818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     81478388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      81478388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       796481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       796481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       226427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       226427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data         9583                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9583                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        17806                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17806                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         1328                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1328                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        14503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      1040714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      1040714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      1050297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      1050297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     40827643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40827643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     41630605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41630605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        52153                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        52153                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        18284                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18284                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        62324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        62324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data        60861                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        60861                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     82476532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     82476532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     82528685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     82528685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.019508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.005439                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005439                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.183748                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.183748                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.973857                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.973857                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.021308                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021308                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.238297                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.238297                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.012618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.012726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       743167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          743167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               977545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         498.839436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         758692801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          379687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs         1998.205893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   498.839436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.974296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1517765289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses     1517765289                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    758313114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     758313114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    758313114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      758313114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    758313114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     758313114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       379687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       379687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       379687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       379687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       379687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       379687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    758692801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    758692801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    758692801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    758692801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    758692801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    758692801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.000500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.000500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.000500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       379175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          379175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               379175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  224026                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              224026                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       224026                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        224026    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       224026                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       221664     99.03%     99.03% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1952      0.87%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          214      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       223830                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       224026                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       224026                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       223830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       223830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       447856                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   75011322                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   201795                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  72145987                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   22231                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    211                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 7944                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       7                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               75213117                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              72168218                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       147157309                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        224026                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   147381335                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  693071                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              693071                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       693071                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        693071    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       693071                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       690173     99.58%     99.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2892      0.42%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       693065                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       693071                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       693071                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       693065                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       693065                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1386136                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  930809843                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   693071                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                    285                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              931502914                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       930809843                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        693071                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   931502914                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             26636                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        13318                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   168039317238.254913                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2158315581794.658691                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        11181     83.95%     83.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2039     15.31%     99.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.02%     99.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.01%     99.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           95      0.71%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161307264                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         13318                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  527555903421                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2237947626979079                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   17971196488646                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  13318                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 931459681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1055070403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             782108742                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           952516405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             1337677                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  46366816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    119005582                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  952516405                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    1337677                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        1424792846                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        724669341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           1714326                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          1011549                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads         2567186167                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         655613047                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   157315169                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  85143367                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 72171802                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             17966961100783.792969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             4235387862.206022                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000236                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999764                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       162185283                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               45312      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               888898034     84.25%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                8000415      0.76%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   49538      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 149260      0.01%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 318279      0.03%     85.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 181248      0.02%     85.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     85.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                152170      0.01%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     85.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               85143367      8.07%     93.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              72171786      6.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1055113629                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         498.682764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         147375046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3041710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           48.451380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   498.682764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.973990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       297791802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      297791802                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     71586379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      71586379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     70684025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     70684025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       484877                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       484877                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        22650                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        22650                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data       747533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       747533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data       761801                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       761801                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    142293054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      142293054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    142777931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     142777931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      2259133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2259133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       560774                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       560774                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       101505                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       101505                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       121562                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       121562                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        30293                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        30293                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        14514                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14514                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      2941469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      2941469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      3042974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      3042974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     73845512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     73845512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     71244799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71244799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data       586382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       586382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       144212                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       144212                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data       777826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       777826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data       776315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       776315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    145234523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    145234523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    145820905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    145820905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.030593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.007871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.173104                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.173104                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.842940                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.842940                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.038946                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.038946                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.018696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.020253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.020868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1865964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         1865964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              3000779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.512281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         931502908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         6751049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs          137.978988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.512281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1869756865                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     1869756865                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    924751859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     924751859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    924751859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      924751859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    924751859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     924751859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      6751049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6751049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      6751049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      6751049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      6751049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      6751049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    931502908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    931502908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    931502908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    931502908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    931502908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    931502908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.007247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.007247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.007247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      6750537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         6750537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              6750537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   39290                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               39290                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        39290                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         39290    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        39290                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        38848     99.48%     99.48% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          141      0.36%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           63      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        39052                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        39290                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        39290                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        39052                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        39052                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        78342                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   40659910                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    33585                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  41649729                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    5705                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    160                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  262                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      21                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               40693495                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              41655434                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        82309639                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         39290                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    82348929                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   36416                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               36416                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        36416                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         36416    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        36416                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36283     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          106      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36389                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        36416                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        36416                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        36389                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36389                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        72805                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                  777968739                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    36416                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2318                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    47                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    159                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses              778005155                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                       777968739                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         36416                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                   778005155                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              5614                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2807                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   797306911344.332031                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7190264143785.323242                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          954     33.99%     33.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1808     64.41%     98.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           45      1.60%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2807                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  434682738960                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2238040500143540                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   17901724750944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   2808                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 778003360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   869365454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             763229346                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           779298317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              115329                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  32926271                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts     96063702                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  779298317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     115329                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        1175144183                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        592987895                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            142384                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes            54081                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads         2554057888                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         632098864                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    92383211                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  50702629                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 41680582                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             17898248469130.675781                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             3476281813.323804                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000194                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999806                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       124311370                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                2616      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               769165532     88.47%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                7750854      0.89%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   14108      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                   8770      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  18718      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  10464      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                  8808      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               50702629      5.83%     95.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              41680566      4.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                869367222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         434.325351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          82343761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1001851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           82.191624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   434.325351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.848292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       165689501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      165689501                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     39822412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39822412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     41361192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41361192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        32909                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        32909                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data          622                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          622                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        49488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        49488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        36065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        36065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     81184226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       81184226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     81217135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      81217135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       774674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       774674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       225690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       225690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         9959                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9959                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        16153                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16153                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         1508                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1508                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        13089                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13089                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      1016517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      1016517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data      1026476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      1026476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     40597086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40597086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     41586882                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41586882                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        42868                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        42868                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        16775                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16775                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        50996                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        50996                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        49154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        49154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     82200743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     82200743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     82243611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     82243611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.019082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.005427                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005427                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.232318                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232318                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.962921                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.962921                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.029571                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.029571                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.266286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.266286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.012366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.012481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       785360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          785360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               969043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.547632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs         778005128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          440547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs         1765.998016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   505.547632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.987398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1556450803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     1556450803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst    777564581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     777564581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst    777564581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total      777564581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst    777564581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total     777564581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       440547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       440547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       440547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       440547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       440547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       440547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst    778005128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    778005128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst    778005128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total    778005128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst    778005128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total    778005128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       440035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          440035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               440035                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               11202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              11202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        12642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio         2964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        16514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total        16244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   32758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        12642                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio         1653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        14976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       512976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total       512976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   527952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.351354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                   8122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 8122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         6837871740582001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.351354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.959460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.959460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                73098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               73098                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           1018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             1018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide         7104                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7104                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide            8122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide           8122                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8122                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         1018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           1018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide         7104                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7104                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide          8122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide         8122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            7088                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 7088                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                      8106                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               13725.235679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                   4009804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                  261074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                   15.358879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2039.623649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker   113.252747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker   118.653723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   4598.156307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   6855.549254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.124489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.006912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.280649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.418430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.837722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015259                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                 8325296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses                8325296                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       149121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       183785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                332906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       813252                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total         813252                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       729317                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total         729317                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           142                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total                142                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         157547                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              157547                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       691563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           691563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       737704                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          737704                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         5043                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5043                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       149121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       183785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst            691563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data            895251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                1919720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       149121                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       183785                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst           691563                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data           895251                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total               1919720                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        31211                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            31211                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        14209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          14209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        66609                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total             66609                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        38479                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          38479                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       129313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        129313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        18553                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total         18553                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           38479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data          195922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total               236985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1710                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          874                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          38479                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data         195922                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total              236985                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       150831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       184659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total            335490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       813252                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       813252                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       729317                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total       729317                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        31353                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          31353                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        14356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       224156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total          224156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst       730042                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       730042                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       867017                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       867017                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        23596                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        23596                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       150831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       184659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        730042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       1091173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total            2156705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       150831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       184659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       730042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      1091173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total           2156705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.995471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.989760                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989760                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.297155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.297155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.052708                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.052708                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.149147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.149147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.786277                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.786277                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.052708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.179552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.109883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.052708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.179552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.109883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              76791                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   76791                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                       166656                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse                6908.209203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                   2976129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                  256274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                   11.613074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1755.026202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    36.589026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    46.129928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   1905.179921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   3165.284126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.107118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.002233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.002816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.116283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.193194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.421644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.004333                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.879272                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                 6402010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                6402010                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        93931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        54656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                148587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       843630                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total         843630                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       374272                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total         374272                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           769                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total                769                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data         138394                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total              138394                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       360383                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           360383                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       705108                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          705108                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data          261                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total             261                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        93931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        54656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            360383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            843502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                1352472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        93931                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        54656                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           360383                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           843502                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total               1352472                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        22431                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total            22431                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        11803                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          11803                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        51803                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             51803                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        15150                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          15150                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        92928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         92928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data        96124                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total         96124                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           15150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data          144731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total               162288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1877                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          530                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          15150                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data         144731                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total              162288                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        95808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        55186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total            150994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       843630                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       843630                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       374272                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total       374272                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        23200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          23200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        11825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       190197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total          190197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       375533                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       375533                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       798036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       798036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        96385                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        96385                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        95808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        55186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        375533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        988233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total            1514760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        95808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        55186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       375533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       988233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total           1514760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.019591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.015941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.966853                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.966853                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.998140                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998140                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.272365                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.272365                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.040343                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.040343                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.116446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.116446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.997292                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.997292                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.019591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.009604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.040343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.146454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.107138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.019591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.009604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.040343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.146454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.107138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks             140278                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                  140278                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                       181409                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               14716.095735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                   3540959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                  263088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                   13.459219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            6837871578010500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   3315.740072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    67.138077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    70.814452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   4262.515994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   6999.887140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.202377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.004098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.260163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.427239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.898199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006714                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921143                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                 7389628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses                7389628                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       109252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       108349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                217601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       814515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total         814515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       563340                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total         563340                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           272                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total                272                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data         155652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total              155652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       527070                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           527070                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data       723788                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          723788                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         6382                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total            6382                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       109252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       108349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            527070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data            879440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                1624111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       109252                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       108349                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           527070                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data           879440                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total               1624111                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         1295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        27365                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total            27365                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        14437                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          14437                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        62380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total             62380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        37119                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          37119                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       135244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        135244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        20754                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total         20754                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           37119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data          197624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total               236344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         1295                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          306                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          37119                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data         197624                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total              236344                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       110547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total            219202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       814515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       814515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       563340                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total       563340                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        27637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          27637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        14681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       218032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total          218032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       564189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       564189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       859032                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       859032                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        27136                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        27136                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       110547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        564189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data       1077064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total            1860455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       110547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       564189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      1077064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total           1860455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.011714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.990158                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.990158                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.983380                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983380                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.286105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.286105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.065792                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.065792                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.157438                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.157438                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.764814                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.764814                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.065792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.183484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.127036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.065792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.183484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.127036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              83529                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   83529                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                       177187                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               14134.807361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                   2889844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                  188927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                   15.296088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2570.018177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    55.842877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    65.085071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   4483.289200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   6960.572036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.156861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.003408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.273638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.424840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.862720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005981                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.936829                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                 6000637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                6000637                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        71579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        80866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                152445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       794240                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total         794240                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       370251                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total         370251                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           157                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total                157                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data         133023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total              133023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       349250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           349250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       704576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          704576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         2207                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2207                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        71579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        80866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            349250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data            837599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                1339294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        71579                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        80866                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           349250                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data           837599                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total               1339294                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        21640                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total            21640                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        10655                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          10655                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        51974                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total             51974                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        21727                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          21727                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        95838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         95838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        15222                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total         15222                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           21727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data          147812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total               171410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1552                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          319                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          21727                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data         147812                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total              171410                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        73131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        81185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total            154316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       794240                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       794240                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       370251                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total       370251                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        21797                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          21797                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        10716                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10716                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       184997                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total          184997                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       370977                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       370977                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       800414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       800414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        17429                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        17429                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        73131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        81185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        370977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        985411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total            1510704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        73131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        81185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       370977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       985411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total           1510704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.992797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.994308                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994308                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.280945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.280945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.058567                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.058567                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.119736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.873372                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.873372                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.058567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.113464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.058567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.113464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              68390                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   68390                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                       126160                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse                8614.511556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                   3019275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  177763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   16.984834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2025.490097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    82.457298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    87.817225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   3145.460697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   3273.286239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.123626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.005033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.005360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.191984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.199786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.525788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006226                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.850952                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                 6247549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses                6247549                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       116836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       106033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                222869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       747604                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total         747604                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       423512                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total         423512                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           133                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                133                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data         163670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total              163670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       409637                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           409637                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       654239                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          654239                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         2713                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2713                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       116836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       106033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            409637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data            817909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                1450415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       116836                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       106033                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           409637                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data           817909                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total               1450415                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        23590                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total            23590                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         9939                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           9939                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        43974                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             43974                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        14602                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          14602                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       102305                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        102305                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        12603                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12603                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           14602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data          146279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total               164179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2648                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          650                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          14602                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data         146279                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total              164179                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       119484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       106683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total            226167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       747604                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       747604                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       423512                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total       423512                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        23723                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          23723                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         9946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       207644                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total          207644                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       424239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       424239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       756544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       756544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        15316                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        15316                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       119484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       106683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        424239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data        964188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total            1614594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       119484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       106683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       424239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data       964188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total           1614594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.022162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.014582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.994394                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994394                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.999296                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999296                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.211776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.211776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034419                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.034419                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.135227                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.135227                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.822865                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.822865                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.022162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.151712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.101684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.022162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.151712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.101684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              55497                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   55497                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                       103063                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               12286.804090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                   2630100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                  186677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                   14.089041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            6837883336261500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2130.797363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    64.543798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    59.715948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   3594.066879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   6437.680102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.130054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.219364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.392925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.749927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005737                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                 5473997                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                5473997                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       101271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        60800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                162071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       722039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total         722039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       291697                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total         291697                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           137                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total                137                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           71                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               71                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data         132220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total              132220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       277484                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           277484                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       637963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          637963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         1304                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1304                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       101271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        60800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst            277484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data            770183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                1209738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       101271                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        60800                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst           277484                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data           770183                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total               1209738                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        25927                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25927                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        11432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          11432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data        49054                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total             49054                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        15003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          15003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       112525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        112525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        12414                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12414                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           15003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data          161579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total               178156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1305                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          269                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          15003                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data         161579                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total              178156                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       102576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        61069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total            163645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       722039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       722039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       291697                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total       291697                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        26064                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          26064                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        11503                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11503                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       181274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total          181274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       292487                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       292487                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       750488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       750488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        13718                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13718                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       102576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        61069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst        292487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data        931762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total            1387894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       102576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        61069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst       292487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data       931762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total           1387894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.012722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.994744                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994744                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.993828                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993828                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.270607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.270607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.051295                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.051295                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.149936                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.149936                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.904942                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.904942                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.012722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.051295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.173412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.128364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.012722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.051295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.173412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.128364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              55964                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   55964                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                       107220                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               13369.595077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                   2908609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                  176946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                   16.437834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   5109.276867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    43.203748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    50.891440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   3580.726928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   4585.496093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.311846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.002637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.218550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.279876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.816015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.004578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.946594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                 6040060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                6040060                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        87817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        84934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                172751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       796805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total         796805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       385605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total         385605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           191                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total                191                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data         157473                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total              157473                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       363303                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           363303                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       677690                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          677690                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         1214                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1214                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        87817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        84934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst            363303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data            835163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                1371217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        87817                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        84934                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst           363303                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data           835163                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total               1371217                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         1100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        20917                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total            20917                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        10099                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          10099                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data        43804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total             43804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        23038                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          23038                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        87501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         87501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        22258                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total         22258                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           23038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data          131305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total               155964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         1100                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          521                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          23038                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data         131305                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total              155964                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        88917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        85455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total            174372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       796805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       796805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       385605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total       385605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        21108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          21108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        10190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       201277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total          201277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       386341                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       386341                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       765191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       765191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        23472                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        23472                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        88917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        85455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        386341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        966468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total            1527181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        88917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        85455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst       386341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       966468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total           1527181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.012371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.990951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.990951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.991070                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991070                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.217630                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217630                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.059631                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.059631                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.114352                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.114352                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.948279                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.948279                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.012371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.059631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.135861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.102125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.012371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.059631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.135861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.102125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              57468                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   57468                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                       114127                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               11057.927834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                   2666269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                  145639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                   18.307383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2939.211319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    36.883613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    49.306820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   3252.451305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   4780.074777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.179395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.002251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.003009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.198514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.291753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.674922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.004944                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.915100                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 5506571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                5506571                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        86929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        67398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                154327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       779793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total         779793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       304695                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         304695                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           119                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                119                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data         159591                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total              159591                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       293627                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           293627                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       661264                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          661264                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         1544                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1544                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        86929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        67398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            293627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data            820855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                1268809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        86929                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        67398                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           293627                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data           820855                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total               1268809                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        21077                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total            21077                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        10488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          10488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        40426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             40426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        11857                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          11857                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        80272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         80272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        12540                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12540                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           11857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data          120698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total               133925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1014                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          356                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          11857                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data         120698                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total              133925                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        87943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        67754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total            155697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       779793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       779793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       304695                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       304695                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        21196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          21196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        10498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data       200017                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total          200017                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       305484                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       305484                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       741536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       741536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        14084                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        14084                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        87943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        67754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        305484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        941553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total            1402734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        87943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        67754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       305484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       941553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total           1402734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.011530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.994386                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994386                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.999047                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999047                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.202113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.202113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.038814                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.038814                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.108251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.108251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.890372                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.890372                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.011530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.038814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.128190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.095474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.011530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.038814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.128190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.095474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              46437                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   46437                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                        82809                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               10798.629741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                   2624061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                  145801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                   17.997551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2430.206909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    39.256707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    48.486889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   3256.602045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   5024.077190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.148328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.002396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.002959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.198767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.306645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.659096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14073                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14073                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005310                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.858948                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                 5420459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses                5420459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        86178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        63650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                149828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       745837                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total         745837                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       296962                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total         296962                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           133                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total                133                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data         150895                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total              150895                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       286521                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           286521                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data       653946                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          653946                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         1339                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1339                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        86178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        63650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst            286521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data            804841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                1241190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        86178                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        63650                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst           286521                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data           804841                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total               1241190                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        21590                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total            21590                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         8656                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           8656                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        45617                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total             45617                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        11169                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          11169                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        78857                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         78857                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        12712                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12712                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           11169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data          124474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total               136780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          193                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          11169                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data         124474                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total              136780                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        87122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        63843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total            150965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       745837                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       745837                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       296962                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total       296962                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        21723                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          21723                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         8668                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         8668                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       196512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total          196512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       297690                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       297690                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       732803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       732803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        14051                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        14051                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        87122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        63843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst        297690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data        929315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total            1377970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        87122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        63843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst       297690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data       929315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total           1377970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.993877                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.993877                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.998616                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998616                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.232133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.232133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.037519                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.037519                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.107610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.107610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.904704                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.904704                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.037519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.133942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.099262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.037519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.133942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.099262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              57051                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   57051                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                        89260                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse                9184.363992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                   2819778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                  214800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                   13.127458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1631.166697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    47.713977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    55.433788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   2547.108600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   4902.940931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.099559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.002912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.003383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.155463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.299252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.560569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005554                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818726                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 5885936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                5885936                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       131835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        52335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                184170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       790823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total         790823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       293546                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         293546                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           160                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total                160                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data         136460                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total              136460                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       280287                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           280287                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       691907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          691907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         1786                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1786                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       131835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        52335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            280287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data            828367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                1292824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       131835                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        52335                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           280287                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data           828367                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total               1292824                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        29609                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total            29609                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        12963                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          12963                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data        54869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total             54869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        14021                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          14021                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data       129946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        129946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        14702                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total         14702                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           14021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data          184815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total               200391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1399                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          14021                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data         184815                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total              200391                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       133234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        52491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total            185725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       790823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       790823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       293546                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       293546                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        29769                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          29769                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        13022                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        13022                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data       191329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total          191329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       294308                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       294308                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       821853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       821853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        16488                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        16488                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       133234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        52491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        294308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data       1013182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total            1493215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       133234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        52491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       294308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      1013182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total           1493215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.010500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.002972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.994625                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994625                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.995469                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995469                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.286778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.286778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.047641                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.047641                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.158113                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.158113                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.891679                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.891679                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.010500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.002972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.047641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.182410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.134201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.010500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.002972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.047641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.182410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.134201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              64998                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   64998                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                       121185                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                5289.632572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                   2331537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                  168716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                   13.819300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            8199114503025500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    818.273879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    35.487281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    20.021379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    847.223845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   3568.626188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.049943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.002166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.001222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.051710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.217812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.322854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009644                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.909180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                 4852020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses                4852020                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        89540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        31830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                121370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       668925                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total         668925                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       231872                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total         231872                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           103                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total                103                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data         134086                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total              134086                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       224210                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           224210                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data       578989                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          578989                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data           21                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total              21                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        89540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        31830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst            224210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data            713075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                1058655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        89540                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        31830                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst           224210                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data           713075                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total               1058655                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        21106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total            21106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        11258                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          11258                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data        47594                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total             47594                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst         8461                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           8461                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data       107014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        107014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         8985                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total          8985                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            8461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data          154608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total               164443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1176                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          198                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           8461                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data         154608                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total              164443                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        90716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        32028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total            122744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       668925                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       668925                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       231872                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total       231872                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        21209                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          21209                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        11265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       181680                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total          181680                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       232671                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       232671                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       686003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       686003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         9006                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         9006                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        90716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        32028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        232671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data        867683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total            1223098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        90716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        32028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst       232671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data       867683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total           1223098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.006182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.995144                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995144                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.999379                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999379                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.261966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.261966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.036365                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.036365                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.155996                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.155996                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.997668                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.997668                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.006182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.036365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.178185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.134448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.012964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.006182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.036365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.178185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.134448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks              60082                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                   60082                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                        96455                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse               11080.159138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                   2660773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                  190782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                   13.946667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            6837879817884500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1961.685604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    43.802760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    49.799003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   3277.963724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   5746.908048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.119732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.002674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.200071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.350763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.676279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005798                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.866638                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                 5538522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                5538522                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       116473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        66863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                183336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       714051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total         714051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       298581                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total         298581                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           142                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total                142                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data         136530                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total              136530                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       286500                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           286500                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       625101                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          625101                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         1694                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1694                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       116473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        66863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst            286500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data            761631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                1231467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       116473                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        66863                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst           286500                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data           761631                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total               1231467                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        27051                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total            27051                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        12385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          12385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data        50132                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total             50132                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        12667                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          12667                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data       119774                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        119774                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        12179                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12179                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           12667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data          169906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total               184103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1423                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          12667                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data         169906                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total              184103                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       117896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        66970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total            184866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       714051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       714051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       298581                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total       298581                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        27193                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          27193                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        12418                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12418                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data       186662                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total          186662                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       299167                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       299167                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       744875                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       744875                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        13873                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13873                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       117896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        66970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst        299167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        931537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total            1415570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       117896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        66970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst       299167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       931537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total           1415570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.012070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.994778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.997343                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997343                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.268571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.268571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.042341                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.042341                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.160797                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160797                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.877892                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.877892                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.042341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.182393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.130056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.042341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.182393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.130056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              60219                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   60219                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                       103006                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse               12179.523381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                   2591019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                  172296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                   15.038184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            6837881588015500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2641.741698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    48.603937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    57.930988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   3324.639963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   6106.606796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.161239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.002967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.003536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.202920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.372718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.743379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898193                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                 5379382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                5379382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       115654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        66384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                182038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       689100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total         689100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       301585                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total         301585                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           137                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total                137                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data         127530                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total              127530                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       289877                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           289877                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data       612957                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          612957                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         2175                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2175                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       115654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        66384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst            289877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data            740487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                1212402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       115654                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        66384                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst           289877                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data           740487                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total               1212402                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        27622                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total            27622                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        10954                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          10954                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data        45186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total             45186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        12435                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          12435                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data       105887                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        105887                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        12101                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12101                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           12435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data          151073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total               165651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1686                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          457                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          12435                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data         151073                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total              165651                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       117340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        66841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total            184181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       689100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       689100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       301585                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total       301585                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        27759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          27759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        11056                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11056                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data       172716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total          172716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       302312                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       302312                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       718844                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       718844                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        14276                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        14276                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       117340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        66841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        302312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        891560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total            1378053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       117340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        66841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       302312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       891560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total           1378053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.014369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.006837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.995065                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995065                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.990774                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990774                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.261620                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.261620                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.041133                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.041133                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.147302                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.147302                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.847646                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.847646                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.014369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.006837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.041133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.169448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.120207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.014369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.006837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.041133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.169448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.120207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              49969                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   49969                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                        86959                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               13849.580218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                   2993062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                  235492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   12.709825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2095.000220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    85.368732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    93.032680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   5077.773856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   6498.404729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.127869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.005210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.005678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.309923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.396631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.845311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007507                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912292                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                 6256644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses                6256644                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       121055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        84623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                205678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       743167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total         743167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       378894                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total         378894                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           142                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total                142                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data         133437                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total              133437                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       358106                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           358106                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       671860                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          671860                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data         1347                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1347                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       121055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        84623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            358106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data            805297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                1369081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       121055                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        84623                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           358106                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data           805297                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total               1369081                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        29734                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total            29734                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        14417                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          14417                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data        63114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total             63114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        21581                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          21581                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       135532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        135532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        16459                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total         16459                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           21581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data          198646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total               222997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2042                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          728                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          21581                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data         198646                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total              222997                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       123097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        85351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total            208448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       743167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       743167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       378894                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total       378894                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        29876                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          29876                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        14503                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14503                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       196551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total          196551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       379687                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       379687                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       807392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       807392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        17806                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        17806                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       123097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        85351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        379687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data       1003943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total            1592078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       123097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        85351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       379687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      1003943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total           1592078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.016589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.995247                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995247                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.994070                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994070                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.321107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.321107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.056839                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.056839                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.167864                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.167864                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.924351                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.924351                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.016589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.056839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.197866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.140067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.016589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.056839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.197866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.140067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              67012                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   67012                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                       138128                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse               10537.830760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                  22288593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                  742267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   30.027730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2526.857024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    75.905064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    86.506043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   3569.689775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   4278.872853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.154227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.004633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.005280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.217877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.261162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.643178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012695                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.928650                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses                45413235                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses               45413235                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       657461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2065643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total               2723104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1865964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1865964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      6750319                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total        6750319                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           129                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::total                129                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         446679                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total              446679                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      6533376                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          6533376                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      2145844                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2145844                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data        91966                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total           91966                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       657461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2065643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst           6533376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data           2592523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total               11849003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       657461                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2065643                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst          6533376                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data          2592523                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total              11849003                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        11889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        10678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               22567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        31325                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total            31325                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        14508                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          14508                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        82641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total             82641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       217673                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         217673                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       245087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        245087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        29596                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total         29596                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        11889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        10678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          217673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data          327728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total               567968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        11889                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        10678                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         217673                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data         327728                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total              567968                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       669350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2076321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total           2745671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1865964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1865964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      6750319                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total      6750319                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        31454                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          31454                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        14514                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14514                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       529320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total          529320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      6751049                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      6751049                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2390931                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2390931                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       121562                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       121562                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       669350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2076321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst       6751049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       2920251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total           12416971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       669350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2076321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst      6751049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      2920251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total          12416971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.017762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.005143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.995899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999587                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.156127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.156127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.032243                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.032243                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.102507                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102507                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.243464                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.243464                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.017762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.005143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.032243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.112226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.045741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.017762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.005143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.032243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.112226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.045741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks             158527                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                  158527                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                       558775                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               11337.304666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                   3101402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                  174295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   17.793981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2081.732900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    81.186271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    92.637984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   4075.965761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   5005.781751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.127059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.004955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.248777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.305529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.691974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009338                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900085                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                 6406995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses                6406995                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       115490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       108764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                224254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       785360                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total         785360                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       439752                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total         439752                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           145                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total                145                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data         156654                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total              156654                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       424555                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           424555                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       687350                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          687350                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data         3023                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3023                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       115490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       108764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst            424555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data            844004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                1492813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       115490                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       108764                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst           424555                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data           844004                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total               1492813                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        25979                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25979                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        13064                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          13064                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        42912                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total             42912                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        15992                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          15992                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        98791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         98791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        13130                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total         13130                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           15992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data          141703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total               159494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          258                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst          15992                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data         141703                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total              159494                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       117031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       109022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total            226053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       785360                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       785360                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       439752                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total       439752                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        26124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          26124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        13089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        13089                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       199566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total          199566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       440547                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       440547                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       786141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       786141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        16153                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        16153                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       117031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       109022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst        440547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        985707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total            1652307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       117031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       109022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst       440547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       985707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total           1652307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.013167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.994450                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994450                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.998090                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998090                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.215027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.215027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036300                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.036300                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.125666                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125666                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.812852                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.812852                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.013167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.143758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.096528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.013167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.143758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.096528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              54693                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   54693                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                        96596                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6374261                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2116715                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2541776                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2441959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              36101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             36101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1163993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1031295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           563099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         191267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          754366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            687164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           687164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2400007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        337436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       337436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        24350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       758302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total       775908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       760384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total       770624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       767551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total       782945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       556556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total       564738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       514615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total       522107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       558603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total       566735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       526695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total       534321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       434127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       442031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       445135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total       451825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       627132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       636246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       501134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total       511046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       568640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total       577428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       516477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total       524009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       699291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total       709101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1780975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total      1793075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       513267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total       522851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               10709340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       518784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       518784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4885                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19503360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total     19532321                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18809152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total     18828228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5215                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19977600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total     20001883                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14880000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total     14895624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        14980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13365696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total     13380678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14364800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total     14381058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13125824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total     13140372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11083200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total     11098996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11853696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total     11867070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        18212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16249216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total     16267436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13626880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total     13644300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14808320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total     14825896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13112256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total     13127318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17835520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total     17855134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     45758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total     45782536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13201856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total     13221022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               272368656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4257026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             2.061763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            3.840346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1816966     42.68%     42.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1335519     31.37%     74.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  376416      8.84%     82.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  136327      3.20%     86.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                   73817      1.73%     87.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                   42977      1.01%     88.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                   34144      0.80%     89.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   29020      0.68%     90.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                   25340      0.60%     90.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                   24045      0.56%     91.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  27479      0.65%     92.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  26639      0.63%     92.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                  29284      0.69%     93.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                  38783      0.91%     94.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                  85091      2.00%     96.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                 155179      3.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4257026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3703379                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1858576                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          330                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       200733                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       200687                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           46                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq           341976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp         1939035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            3328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           3328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       813252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean       729530                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict        263649                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         31353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq         224156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp        224156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       730042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       867017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        23596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        23596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      2189614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      3415463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       369428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       303574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total             6278079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     93412608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    121912161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      1477712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      1214296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total            218016777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                        852310                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                 4914624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples        3027965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.068540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.252731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0              2820474     93.15%     93.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               207445      6.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                   46      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total          3027965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2937612                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1472533                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1011                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       166717                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       166641                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           76                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq           161096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp         1334665                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq            2600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp           2600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       843630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean       375021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict        209058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         23200                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        35025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq         190197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp        190197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       375533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       798036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         4928                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         4928                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        96385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        96385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      1126087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      3312070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       111496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       205656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             4755309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     48035456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side    117258308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       445984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       822624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total            166562372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                        765448                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                 8977792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        2382802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.074535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.262762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0              2205275     92.55%     92.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               177451      7.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                   76      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          2382802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3363820                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1689243                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          498                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       170384                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       170325                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           59                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq           230492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp         1653725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq            3932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp           3932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       814515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean       563689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict        255653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         27637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq         218032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp        218032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       564201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       859032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         6272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         6272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        27136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        27136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      1692091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      3391142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       223496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       229958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total             5536687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     72184960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    121085339                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       893984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       919832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total            195084115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                        789988                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                 5345856                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples        2688832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.068399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.252516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0              2504978     93.16%     93.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               183795      6.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                   59      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total          2688832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2756897                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1382889                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          341                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       177997                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       177951                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           46                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq           159600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp         1330991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq            1721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp           1721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       794240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean       370465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict        180845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         21797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        32513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq         184997                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp        184997                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       370977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       800414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17429                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        17429                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      1112419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      3054357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       164582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       149878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total             4481236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     47452288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side    113913288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       658328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       599512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total            162623416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                        728658                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                 4376960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples        2248863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.081467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.273626                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0              2065700     91.86%     91.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               183117      8.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                   46      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total          2248863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2810957                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1407150                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          333                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       193106                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       193050                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           56                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq           228894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp         1409677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq            1401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp           1401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       747604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean       423727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict        200316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         23723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        33669                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq         207644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp        207644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       424239                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       756544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        15316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        15316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      1272205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      2981886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       213378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       239720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total             4707189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     54269824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    109569670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       853512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       958880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total            165651886                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                        732771                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                 3551808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples        2352223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.083040                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.276029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0              2156950     91.70%     91.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               195217      8.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                   56      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total          2352223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2484116                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1245771                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          379                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       172097                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       171982                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          115                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq           166894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp         1209869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq            1904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp           1904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       722039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean       291975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict        190846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         26064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        37567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq         181274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp        181274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       292487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       750488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       876949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      2887879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       122752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       206712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total             4094292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     37405568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side    105859522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       491008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       826848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total            144582946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                        694430                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                 3581696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples        2086424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.084321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.278067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0              1910610     91.57%     91.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               175699      8.42%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                  115      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total          2086424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2765367                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1388959                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          322                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       163879                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       163822                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           57                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq           180925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp         1332457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq            1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp           1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       796805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean       385829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict        167294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         21108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        31298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq         201277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp        201277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       386341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       765191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        23472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        23472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      1158511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      3014457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       174926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       182412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total             4530306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     49418880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side    112864020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       699704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       729648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total            163712252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                        676881                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                 3677952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples        2228855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.077165                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.266949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0              2056922     92.29%     92.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               171876      7.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                   57      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total          2228855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2528164                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1266659                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          400                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       162471                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       162413                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           58                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq           158781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp         1205801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq            1794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp           1794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       779793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       304972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict        147589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         21196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        31694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq         200017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp        200017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       305484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       741536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        14084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        14084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       915940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      2910716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       136140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       177106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total             4139902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     39069184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side    110181940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       544560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       708424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total            150504108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                        662610                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                 2971968                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples        2071374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.079918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.271269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0              1905892     92.01%     92.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               165424      7.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                   58      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total          2071374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2489476                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1248228                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          335                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       166782                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       166741                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           41                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq           154225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp         1184718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq            1174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp           1174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       745837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean       297178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict        172237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         21723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         8668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        30391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq         196512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp        196512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       297690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       732803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        14051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        14051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side       892558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      2872662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       128572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       175536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total             4069328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     38071552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    107223102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       514288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       702144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total            146511086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                        637564                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                 3651264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples        2025668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.083796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.277155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0              1855966     91.62%     91.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               169661      8.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                   41      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total          2025668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2653703                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1329597                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          376                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       201589                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       201523                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           66                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq           188632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp         1304793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq            2360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp           2360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       790823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       293796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict        198831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         29769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        13022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq         191329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp        191329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       294308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       821853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        16488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        16488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       882412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      3143946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       105116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       267754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total             4399228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     37638656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side    115474540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       420464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side      1071016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total            154604676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                        755433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                 4159872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        2256457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.091022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.287742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0              2051136     90.90%     90.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               205255      9.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                   66      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          2256457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2220488                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1111064                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          395                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       133616                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       133580                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           36                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq           125243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp         1043917                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq            2724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp           2724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       668925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean       232159                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict        176385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         21209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11265                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        32474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq         181680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp        181680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       232671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       686003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         9006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         9006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       697501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      2673676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        64058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       181964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total             3617199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     29749120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     98360332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       256232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       727856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total            129093540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                        517891                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                 3845248                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples        1744299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.077491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.267447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0              1609167     92.25%     92.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1               135096      7.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                   36      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total          1744299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2492975                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1248398                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          404                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       175084                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       175038                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           46                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq           188334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp         1232376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq            2391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp           2391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       714051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean       298655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict        192514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         27193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        39611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq         186662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp        186662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       299167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       744875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       896989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      2885395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       135150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       237512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total             4155046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     38260608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side    105335208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       540600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       950048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total            145086464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                        722486                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                 3854016                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples        2143295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.083563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.276810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0              1964240     91.65%     91.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1               179009      8.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                   46      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total          2143295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2423804                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1215656                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          340                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       188244                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       188198                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           46                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq           187504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp         1208660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq            1655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp           1655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       689100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean       301800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict        181839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         27759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        38815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq         172716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp        172716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       302312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       718844                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        14276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        14276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       906424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      2767773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       134314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       236472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total             4044983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     38663168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side    101177302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       537256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       945888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total            141323614                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                        688371                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                 3198016                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples        2070456                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.093087                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.290630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0              1877770     90.69%     90.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               192640      9.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                   46      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total          2070456                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2807243                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1405626                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          407                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       198523                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       198456                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           67                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq           212092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp         1399171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq            2612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp           2612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       743167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean       379175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict        234378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         29876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        44379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq         196551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp        196551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       379687                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       807392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        17806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      1138549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      3119995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       171380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       248218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total             4678142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     48567168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    111834654                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       685520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       992872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total            162080214                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                        832986                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                 4288768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples        2432245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.083673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.276996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0              2228799     91.64%     91.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1               203379      8.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                   67      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total          2432245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests     19591851                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9799092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          333                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       267010                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       266918                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           92                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq          2749406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp        11891386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq            2663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp           2663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1865964                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean      6750537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1134815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         31454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq         529320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp        529320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      6751049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2390931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       121562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       121562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     20252635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side      9188441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      4152642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      1339396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total            34933114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    864101504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    306341960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     16610568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      5357584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total           1192411616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                       1131377                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                10145728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples       13659001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.019704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.139030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0             13389953     98.03%     98.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1               268956      1.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                   92      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total         13659001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2893029                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1450567                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          401                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       180639                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       180566                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           73                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8985598237663500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq           229246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp         1455934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq            2285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp           2285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       785360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean       440035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict        183683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         26124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        13089                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        39213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq         199566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp        199566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       440547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       786141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        16153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        16153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      1321129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      3060901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       218282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       235196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total             4835508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     56357248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    113367454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       873128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       940784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total            171538614                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                        751558                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                 3500352                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples        2412479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.076013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.265133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0              2229172     92.40%     92.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               183234      7.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                   73      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total          2412479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
