
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               4386.201336                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4386201336479500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               11133324391260500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2240024                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2515150                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           730156723487                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4924304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6007.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13456283917                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15109023480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker       193280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        70848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       4331456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      88624192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        95360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       1284864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data      12946880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       169664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        47744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       2228736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      14886592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker       160896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        46784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       3419392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data      19029504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       245696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        60032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       4608448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data      17986816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker       160256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        35264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       2551936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data      15854208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker       159744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        42240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       2123072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data      16269568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker       124352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        32320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1690304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data      15884928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker       162688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        62080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       3448448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data      22132032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        81216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1374464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data      16101888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker       132096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        29952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       1683584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data      18524160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker       130176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        39680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1952896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data      19547328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker      3450752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        75136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       5103808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data     184357312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       231296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker       207296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       5353600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data      17155136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      1295104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       878272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      19283776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      33669696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       239360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker       135424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       3856384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data      14877120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::pci_ide               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          600976384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      4331456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      1284864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      2228736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      3419392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      4608448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      2551936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      2123072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1690304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      3448448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1374464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      1683584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1952896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      5103808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      5353600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     19283776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      3856384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      64295168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    295471936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       295471936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         3020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          67679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1384753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          20076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         202295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         2651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          34824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         232603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         2514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          53428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         297336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         3839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          72007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data         281044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         2504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          39874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data         247722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker         2496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          33173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data         254212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker         1943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          26411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data         248202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker         2542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          53882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data         345813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker         1269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          21476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data         251592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker         2064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          26306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data         289440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker         2034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          30514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data         305427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker        53918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker         1174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          79747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data        2880583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         3614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker         3239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          83650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         268049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        20236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        13723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         301309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         526089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         3740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker         2116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          60256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         232455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::pci_ide                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             9390256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       4616749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4616749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           44                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            20205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker           22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data             2952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           39                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data             3394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker           37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             4338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           56                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst             1051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data             4101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker           37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data             3615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker           36                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data             3709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker           28                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data             3622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker           37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data             5046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker           19                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data             3671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker           30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst              384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data             4223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker           30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            9                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data             4457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker          787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst             1164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data            42031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           47                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst             1221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data             3911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             4396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             7676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           55                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker           31                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data             3392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::pci_ide                   0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                137015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst         1051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst          384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst         1164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst         1221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         4396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            14659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           67364                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                67364                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           67364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           44                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           20205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data            2952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           39                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data            3394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker           37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            4338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           56                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst            1051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data            4101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker           37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data            3615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker           36                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data            3709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker           28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data            3622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker           37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data            5046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker           19                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data            3671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker           30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst             384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data            4223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker           30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            9                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data            4457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker          787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst            1164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data           42031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           47                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst            1221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data            3911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            4396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            7676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           55                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker           31                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data            3392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::pci_ide                  0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               204379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         715828058113513.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           715828058113513.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 11133324391260500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         715828058113513.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           715828058113513.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 11133324391260500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         715828058113513.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           715828058113513.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 11133324391260500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         715828058113513.875000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           715828058113513.875000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 11133324391260500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   53557                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               53557                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        53557                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         53557    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        53557                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        51402     99.31%     99.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          247      0.48%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          111      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        51760                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        53557                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        53557                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        51760                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        51760                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       105317                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   50574831                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    46033                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  51222551                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    7524                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                   1283                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                  605                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     496                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               50620864                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              51230075                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                       101797382                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         53557                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                   101850939                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   52348                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               52348                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        52348                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         52348    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        52348                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        51912     99.63%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          191      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        52103                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        52348                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        52348                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        52103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        52103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       104451                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                  814011809                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    52348                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    793                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses              814064157                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                       814011809                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         52348                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                   814064157                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              7556                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3777                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1161170764438.225342                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7928675371010.242188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1186     31.40%     31.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2487     65.85%     97.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     97.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.03%     97.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          102      2.70%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3777                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  459359196323                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385741977283177                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   22193974354204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   3780                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 814059192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   918715720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts             775362335                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           825193892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses              104066                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                  35112633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts    102199758                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  825193892                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                     104066                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads        1237720423                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        628118443                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            112858                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            33564                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads         2566174193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes         640722809                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                   112021580                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  60766357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 51255223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             22191650018128.539062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             2324336075.462396                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000105                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999895                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                       132735444                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                1472      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu               798848182     86.95%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                7793322      0.85%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   27469      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   4506      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   9308      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   5888      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  4501      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4208      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               60766357      6.61%     94.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              51255207      5.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                918720440                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         461.855975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs         101833903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2496604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.788969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   461.855975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.902062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       206166202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      206166202                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     48647141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      48647141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     50192259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     50192259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       123726                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       123726                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         2280                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2280                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       169152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       169152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       149214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       149214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     98841680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       98841680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     98965406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      98965406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      1651927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1651927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       824661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       824661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        17337                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        17337                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        33997                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        33997                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        20029                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20029                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      2510585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      2510585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      2527922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      2527922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     50299068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     50299068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     51016920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51016920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       141063                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       141063                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        36277                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        36277                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       171332                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       171332                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       169243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       169243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data    101352265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101352265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data    101493328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101493328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.032842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.016164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.122903                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.122903                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.937150                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.937150                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.012724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.118345                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.118345                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.024771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.024907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1339028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1339028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              2442241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         814063912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs          701005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         1161.281178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1628828829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses     1628828829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst    813362907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     813362907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst    813362907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total      813362907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst    813362907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total     813362907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst       701005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       701005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst       701005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total       701005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst       701005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total       701005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    814063912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    814063912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    814063912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    814063912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    814063912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    814063912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks       700493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total          700493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements               700493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   29387                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               29387                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        29387                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         29387    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        29387                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        28962     99.63%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           47      0.16%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           62      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29071                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        29387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        29387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        29071                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29071                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        58458                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                   41533911                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    24368                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                  42816722                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                    5019                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    210                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                   78                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                      28                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses               41558279                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses              42821741                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                        84350633                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         29387                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                    84380020                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   14423                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               14423                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14423                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14423    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14423                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14370     99.85%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           22      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14392                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        14423                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14423                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        14392                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14392                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        28815                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                  795033800                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    14423                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    255                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses              795048223                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                       795033800                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         14423                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                   795048223                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              4021                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2011                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2180883517042.970215                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  15382192909271.777344                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          574     28.54%     28.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1388     69.02%     97.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.05%     97.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           48      2.39%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 322728488520000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2011                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  444583706087                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385756752773413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8289396685160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   2011                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 795046715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   889167309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts             782197472                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           796792851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               70678                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  33931326                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts     98458176                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  796792851                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      70678                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        1206193564                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        603387130                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             65801                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes             6938                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         2621772855                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes         640968194                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                    94766412                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  51914808                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 42851604                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8288556475051.798828                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             840210108.200752                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000101                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999899                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       127555155                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                  70      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu               786503928     88.45%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                7880156      0.89%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   12853      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                    215      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                    464      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                    280      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                   198      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead               51914808      5.84%     95.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite              42851572      4.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                889168786                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         378.118194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs          84373404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          970083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           86.975448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   378.118194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.738512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.738512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.636719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       169720731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      169720731                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data     40714953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40714953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data     42557006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42557006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        29950                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        29950                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data          284                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          284                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        42008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        42008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        31761                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        31761                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data     83272243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       83272243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data     83302193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      83302193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       759629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       759629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       200428                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       200428                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         8382                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8382                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        17936                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17936                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         1012                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1012                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data        10055                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10055                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data       977993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       977993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data       986375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       986375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data     41474582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41474582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data     42757434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42757434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        38332                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        38332                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        18220                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18220                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        43020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        43020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        41816                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        41816                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data     84250236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     84250236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data     84288568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     84288568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.018316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.004688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.218668                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.218668                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.984413                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.984413                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.023524                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023524                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.240458                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.240458                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.011608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.011702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       660958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          660958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements               942165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.137900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs         795048192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          347986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         2284.713155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.137900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.998316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1590444370                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     1590444370                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst    794700206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     794700206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst    794700206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total      794700206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst    794700206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total     794700206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       347986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       347986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       347986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       347986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       347986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       347986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst    795048192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    795048192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst    795048192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total    795048192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst    795048192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total    795048192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       347474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          347474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               347474                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                   42672                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong               42672                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        42672                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         42672    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        42672                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1117793320                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1117793320    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1117793320                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41902     99.33%     99.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          119      0.28%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          162      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        42183                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        42672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        42672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        42183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        42183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        84855                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                   41720367                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                    36731                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                  42274680                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                    5941                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    841                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  256                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     165                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses               41757098                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses              42280621                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                        83995047                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                         42672                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                    84037719                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   37196                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               37196                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37196                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37196    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37196                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1117487320                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1117487320    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1117487320                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37015     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           91      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37106                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        37196                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37196                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        37106                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37106                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        74302                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                  770538005                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    37196                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    691                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses              770575201                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                       770538005                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         37196                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                   770575201                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              5053                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2527                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   801858615092.041992                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8566685012568.370117                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          886     35.06%     35.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1613     63.83%     98.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     98.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           27      1.07%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 194031504479000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2527                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  2359904616141910                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2026296720337590                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21878585776090                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   2527                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 770572658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   862336967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts             753621872                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           772343276                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses              131779                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  32928009                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts     96291256                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  772343276                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                     131779                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        1166928110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        585948525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            163349                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            65772                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads         2515924042                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes         618682276                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                    94018607                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  51712368                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 42306239                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21876435084369.605469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             2150691720.394501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000098                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999902                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       124689387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                3234      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu               760521590     88.19%     88.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                7721556      0.90%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   14203      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  10668      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  21821      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  12936      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 10584      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead               51712368      6.00%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite              42306223      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                862339420                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         189.829113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs          84031808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1056303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           79.552750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    9106596501976000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   189.829113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.370760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.370760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       169121085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      169121085                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data     40791724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40791724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data     41943777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41943777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        53453                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        53453                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         1653                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data        79788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        79788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        68161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        68161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data     82737154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       82737154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data     82790607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      82790607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       815679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       815679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       226711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       226711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        12117                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12117                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        25261                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25261                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         1703                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1703                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        11724                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11724                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      1067651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      1067651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      1079768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      1079768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data     41607403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41607403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data     42170488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42170488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        65570                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65570                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        26914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        81491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        81491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data        79885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        79885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data     83804805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     83804805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data     83870375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     83870375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.019604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.184795                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.184795                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.938582                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.938582                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.020898                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020898                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.146761                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.146761                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.012740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.012874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       690056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          690056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              1018201                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         236.579346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs         770575111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          472847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs         1629.649995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    9106596501971000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   236.579346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.462069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.462069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1541623069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     1541623069                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst    770102264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     770102264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst    770102264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total      770102264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst    770102264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total     770102264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       472847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       472847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       472847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       472847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       472847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       472847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst    770575111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    770575111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst    770575111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total    770575111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst    770575111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total    770575111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.000614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       472335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          472335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               472335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   51396                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               51396                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        51396                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         51396    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        51396                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1112953680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1112953680    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1112953680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49606     99.25%     99.25% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          249      0.50%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          124      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        49979                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        51396                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        51396                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        49979                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        49979                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       101375                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                   47082240                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    44089                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                  45979922                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    7307                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                   1342                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  717                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     459                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses               47126329                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses              45987229                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        93062162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         51396                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    93113558                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   49129                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               49129                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        49129                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         49129    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        49129                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1049854680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1049854680    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1049854680                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        48726     99.74%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          129      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        48855                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        49129                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        49129                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        48855                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        48855                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        97984                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                  804034621                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    49129                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    860                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses              804083750                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                       804034621                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         49129                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                   804083750                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              4170                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2085                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2103477855722.355957                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  52983413674290.679688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          630     30.22%     30.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1420     68.11%     98.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.05%     98.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.05%     98.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           33      1.58%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2359475675261000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2085                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  450007298388                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385751329181112                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21878585777042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                   2086                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 804078940                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   900011170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts             778711361                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           807386767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses              153319                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  33939404                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    100830451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  807386767                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                     153319                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        1212352454                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        615347486                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            179559                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            69920                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         2552268745                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes         638294337                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   103090738                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  57079659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 46011079                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21876341118782.152344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             2244658259.849342                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       130505384                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                3344      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu               789030627     87.67%     87.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                7805401      0.87%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   25586      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                  10177      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  21153      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  13376      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                 11159      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead               57079659      6.34%     94.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite              46011063      5.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                900015706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         231.251700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          93104806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1257193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.057687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   231.251700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.451663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.451663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       187469109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      187469109                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data     45885403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      45885403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data     45499120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     45499120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data       114438                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       114438                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         3701                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3701                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       159281                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       159281                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data       142998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       142998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     91388224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       91388224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     91502662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      91502662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       948011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       948011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       278256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       278256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        13861                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13861                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        41193                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41193                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data        16833                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16833                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1267460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1267460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1281321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1281321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data     46833414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46833414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data     45777376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     45777376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data       128299                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       128299                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        44894                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        44894                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       160992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       160992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       159831                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       159831                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     92655684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     92655684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     92783983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     92783983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.020242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.006078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.108037                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.108037                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.917561                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.917561                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.010628                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010628                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.105317                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.105317                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       799644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          799644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1221339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         339.861929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs         804083476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          629683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         1276.965514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   339.861929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.663793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.663793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1608796635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     1608796635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst    803453793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     803453793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst    803453793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total      803453793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst    803453793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total     803453793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       629683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       629683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       629683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       629683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       629683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       629683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst    804083476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    804083476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst    804083476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total    804083476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst    804083476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total    804083476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       629171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          629171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               629171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                  164707                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong              164707                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       164707                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        164707    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       164707                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       160615     98.57%     98.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2074      1.27%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          250      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       162939                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       164707                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       164707                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       162939                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       162939                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       327646                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   52002940                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   149522                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  52275442                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                   15185                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    406                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4264                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     128                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               52152462                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              52290627                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                       104278382                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                        164707                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                   104443089                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                  252816                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong              252816                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       252816                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        252816    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       252816                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       250506     99.16%     99.16% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2129      0.84%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       252635                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       252816                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       252816                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       252635                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       252635                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       505451                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                  835791829                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                   252816                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    293                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses              836044645                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                       835791829                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                        252816                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                   836044645                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              7901                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3951                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1110030777917.333496                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7391003454633.671875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          837     21.18%     21.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2963     74.99%     96.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.03%     96.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.08%     96.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.03%     96.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.05%     96.36% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          144      3.64%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 194031503026000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3951                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  469732928115                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385731603551385                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21878585780420                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   3951                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 836033372                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   939457315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts             775502962                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           844189648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses             1313630                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                  37281341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts    103914284                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  844189648                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                    1313630                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads        1268136490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        644197678                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads           1887128                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes          1116677                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads         2559402758                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes         644614184                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                   115495217                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  63178721                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 52316496                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21876242729758.511719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             2343050661.489866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000107                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999893                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                       137222341                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               54358      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu               814989946     86.75%     86.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                7901322      0.84%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   49050      0.01%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 182553      0.02%     87.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 390741      0.04%     87.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 217432      0.02%     87.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     87.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                183569      0.02%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4215      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               63178721      6.72%     94.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              52316480      5.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                939468407                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         449.948605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs         104419798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1897949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           55.017178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   449.948605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.878806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.878806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       210754441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      210754441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     50260785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      50260785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     51462822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     51462822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       181771                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       181771                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data        10187                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        10187                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       277708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       277708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       249567                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       249567                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data    101733794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total      101733794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data    101915565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total     101915565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data      1382969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1382969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       371519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       371519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        35421                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        35421                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data       147286                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       147286                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         6582                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6582                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        33181                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        33181                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data      1901774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      1901774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1937195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1937195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     51643754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     51643754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     51834341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51834341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       217192                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       217192                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data       157473                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       157473                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       284290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       284290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       282748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       282748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data    103635568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total    103635568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data    103852760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total    103852760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.026779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.007167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.163086                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.163086                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.935310                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.935310                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.023152                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023152                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.117352                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.117352                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.018351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.018653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1086536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total         1086536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements              1833027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.489288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs         836044464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2520912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          331.643653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.489288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1674609840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses     1674609840                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst    833523552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     833523552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst    833523552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total      833523552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst    833523552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total     833523552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst      2520912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2520912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst      2520912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      2520912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst      2520912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      2520912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst    836044464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    836044464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst    836044464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total    836044464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst    836044464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total    836044464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2520400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         2520400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements              2520400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   33026                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               33026                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        33026                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         33026    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        33026                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   2109130088                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    2109130088    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   2109130088                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29979     99.45%     99.45% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          106      0.35%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           59      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        30144                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        33026                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        33026                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        30144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        30144                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        63170                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   43842336                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    28285                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  42977547                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    4741                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    522                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  202                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     185                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               43870621                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              42982288                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        86819883                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         33026                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    86852909                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   41583                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               41583                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        41583                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         41583    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        41583                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   2109125088                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    2109125088    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   2109125088                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41148     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          118      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41266                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        41583                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        41583                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        41266                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41266                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        82849                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                  780336875                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    41583                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    389                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses              780378458                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                       780336875                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         41583                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                   780378458                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions              3592                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1796                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1128218070637.344727                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  25222085520663.312500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          451     25.11%     25.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1333     74.22%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.06%     99.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           11      0.61%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 967944024083500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1796                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  2359921681614829                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2026279654864671                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21878585780081                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                   1797                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 780373194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   872704965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts             756560596                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           781567422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               93311                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                  33150257                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts     98890589                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  781567422                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      93311                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads        1180114043                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        593368212                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             99275                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            22854                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads         2515896550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes         620915235                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    96714914                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  53706255                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 43008659                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21876409222774.339844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             2176557306.661758                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000099                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999901                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                       127599334                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                1012      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu               768271387     88.03%     88.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                7686327      0.88%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   15602      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   3063      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                   6282      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   4048      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  3070      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4207      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               53706255      6.15%     95.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              43008627      4.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                872709912                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         196.090829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          86839714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1174751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           73.921805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    9106608381937000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   196.090829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.382990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.382990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       174862115                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      174862115                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     42704989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42704989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data     42572888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42572888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data       108745                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       108745                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data         1984                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1984                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data       127086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       127086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data       114442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       114442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     85279861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       85279861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     85388606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      85388606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       912784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       912784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       241376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       241376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         9701                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9701                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        31227                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        31227                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data         1397                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1397                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data        13095                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13095                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data      1185387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total      1185387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data      1195088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total      1195088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     43617773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43617773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data     42814264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42814264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data       118446                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       118446                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        33211                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        33211                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       128483                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       128483                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data       127537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       127537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     86465248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     86465248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     86583694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     86583694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.020927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.005638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.081902                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081902                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.940261                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.940261                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.010873                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010873                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.102676                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.102676                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       746184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          746184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements              1145801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         236.577964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs         780378141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          527125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs         1480.442288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    9106608381932000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   236.577964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.462066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.462066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1561283407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses     1561283407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst    779851016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     779851016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst    779851016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total      779851016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst    779851016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total     779851016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       527125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       527125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       527125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       527125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       527125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       527125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst    780378141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    780378141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst    780378141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total    780378141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst    780378141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total    780378141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       526613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          526613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               526613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   43978                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               43978                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43978                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43978    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43978                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   2027993180                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    2027993180    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   2027993180                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        43064     99.26%     99.26% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          157      0.36%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          164      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        43385                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43978                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43978                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        43385                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        43385                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        87363                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                   43466843                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    38717                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                  43015796                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    5261                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    599                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  225                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses               43505560                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses              43021057                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                        86482639                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         43978                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                    86526617                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   32615                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               32615                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32615                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32615    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32615                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1963116180                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1963116180    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1963116180                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32391     99.85%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           50      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32441                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        32615                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32615                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        32441                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32441                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        65056                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                  777586495                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    32615                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    366                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses              777619110                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                       777586495                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         32615                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                   777619110                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              5006                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2503                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1752203820868.076660                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  55662286299854.023438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          821     32.80%     32.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1676     66.96%     99.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.04%     99.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      0.20%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2359476588522500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2503                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  435172846704                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385766163632796                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21878585781867                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                   2504                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 777616503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   870344734                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts             760330869                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           779808128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               93037                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  32981522                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts     97545287                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  779808128                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      93037                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads        1176981632                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        591974881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            101775                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            26398                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads         2517396556                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         620498887                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                    96473395                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                  53426726                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 43046669                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21876415118573.781250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             2170663293.219614                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000099                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999901                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                       126096557                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                1224      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu               766088922     88.02%     88.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                7737691      0.89%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   21633      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   3698      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   7746      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   4896      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  3754      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead               53426726      6.14%     95.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite              43046653      4.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                870347167                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         227.671581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs          86522139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1174352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           73.676495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   227.671581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.444671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.444671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       174218630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      174218630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data     42391019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42391019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data     42663559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42663559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        67330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        67330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1466                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1466                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       102169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       102169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        89289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        89289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data     85056044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       85056044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data     85123374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      85123374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       932350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       932350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       226269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       226269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         8662                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8662                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        25773                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25773                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data         1506                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1506                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data        12747                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12747                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data      1184392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total      1184392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data      1193054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total      1193054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data     43323369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43323369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data     42889828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42889828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        75992                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        75992                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        27239                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        27239                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       103675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       103675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       102036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       102036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data     86240436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     86240436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data     86316428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     86316428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.021521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.005276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.113986                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.113986                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.946180                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.946180                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014526                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014526                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.124926                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.124926                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.013734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.013822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       703685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          703685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements              1140896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         339.861862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs         777618936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          439924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs         1767.621080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   339.861862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.663793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.663793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1555677796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     1555677796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst    777179012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     777179012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst    777179012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total      777179012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst    777179012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total     777179012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       439924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       439924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       439924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       439924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       439924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       439924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst    777618936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    777618936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst    777618936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total    777618936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst    777618936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total    777618936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       439412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          439412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               439412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   43605                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               43605                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43605                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43605    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43605                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    -89039116                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     -89039116    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    -89039116                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41706     99.33%     99.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          117      0.28%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          163      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        41986                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43605                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43605                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        41986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        41986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        85591                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                   43473307                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    37798                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                  43001931                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    5807                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    653                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  184                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     194                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses               43511105                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses              43007738                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        86475238                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         43605                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    86518843                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   32803                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               32803                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32803                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32803    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32803                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32577     99.86%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           45      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32622                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        32803                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32803                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        32622                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32622                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        65425                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                  787308231                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    32803                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    500                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses              787341034                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                       787308231                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         32803                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                   787341034                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              5087                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2544                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1723962767871.020508                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  10845099336099.720703                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          871     34.24%     34.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1595     62.70%     96.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     96.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           77      3.03%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2544                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  440055015624                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385761281463876                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   22245856460413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                   2544                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 787337471                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   880108053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts             767565410                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           789056209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               71517                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                  33192621                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts     98335000                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  789056209                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      71517                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads        1187440161                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        600614526                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             73106                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            11265                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads         2547120439                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes         634877575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    96500277                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  53466558                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 43033719                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             22243624597409.269531                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             2231863003.729558                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000100                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999900                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                       127013148                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 467      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu               775795013     88.15%     88.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                7786259      0.88%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   17904      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   1315      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   2777      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   1868      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  1349      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead               53466558      6.07%     95.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite              43033703      4.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                880111435                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         327.790751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          86512262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1102082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           78.498934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   327.790751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.640216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.640216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       174127246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      174127246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data     42454560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42454560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data     42646668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42646668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        75874                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        75874                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         1122                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1122                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data       102617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       102617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        88620                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        88620                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     85102350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       85102350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     85178224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      85178224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       863563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       863563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data       230783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       230783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         9288                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9288                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        23763                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        23763                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         1556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data        13848                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13848                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data      1118109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total      1118109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data      1127397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total      1127397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data     43318123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43318123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data     42877451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42877451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        85162                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        85162                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        24885                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        24885                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       104173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       104173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data       102468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       102468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     86220459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     86220459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     86305621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     86305621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.019935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.109063                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.109063                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.954913                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.954913                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.014937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.135145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.135145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       674241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          674241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements              1062985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         486.700098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs         787340853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          435581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs         1807.564731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   486.700098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.950586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1575117287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     1575117287                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst    786905272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     786905272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst    786905272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total      786905272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst    786905272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total     786905272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       435581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       435581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       435581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       435581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       435581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       435581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst    787340853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    787340853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst    787340853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total    787340853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst    787340853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total    787340853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       435069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          435069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               435069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   51848                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               51848                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        51848                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         51848    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        51848                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1735363912                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1735363912    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1735363912                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49543     99.13%     99.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          267      0.53%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          166      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        49976                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        51848                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        51848                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        49976                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        49976                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       101824                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   47604512                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    45583                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  45643173                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                    6265                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    870                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  554                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     330                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses               47650095                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              45649438                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                        93247685                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         51848                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                    93299533                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   40473                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               40473                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40473                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40473    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40473                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1794441412                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1794441412    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1794441412                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40047     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          151      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40198                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        40473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        40198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        80671                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  808130478                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    40473                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    474                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              808170951                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       808130478                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         40473                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   808170951                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              5019                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2510                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1747310475675.102051                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  54823002114501.257812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          896     35.70%     35.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1599     63.71%     99.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.04%     99.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     99.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           13      0.52%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2359481420899500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2510                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  452042534994                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385749293944506                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   22266648679416                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                   2510                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 808166445                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   904082122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             780505607                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           811255155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses              105903                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  33995236                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts    101439050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  811255155                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                     105903                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads        1218700356                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        618764053                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            115256                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            32379                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads         2561208000                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         642653753                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                   103259108                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  57584756                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 45674352                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             22264353875479.734375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             2294803936.263532                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       131129999                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                1461      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               792935809     87.71%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7834225      0.87%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   27784      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   4289      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                   9272      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   5844      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  4349      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead               57584756      6.37%     94.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              45674336      5.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                904086353                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         220.107197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs          93245718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1277807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           72.973241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   220.107197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.429897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.429897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       187860921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      187860921                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     46339366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      46339366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     45123269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     45123269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data       123000                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       123000                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         2613                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2613                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data       176472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       176472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data       161106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       161106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data     91465248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       91465248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data     91588248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      91588248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       991343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       991343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       266105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       266105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data        13500                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13500                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        30963                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        30963                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         2000                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2000                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data        15932                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        15932                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      1288411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      1288411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      1301911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      1301911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data     47330709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47330709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     45389374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     45389374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data       136500                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       136500                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        33576                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        33576                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       178472                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       178472                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data       177038                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       177038                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data     92753659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     92753659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data     92890159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     92890159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.020945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.005863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.098901                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.098901                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.922177                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.922177                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.011206                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011206                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.089992                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089992                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.013891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.014016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       784426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          784426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              1246382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         339.861509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         808170676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          663806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs         1217.480222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   339.861509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.663792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.663792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1617005158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1617005158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    807506870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     807506870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    807506870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      807506870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    807506870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     807506870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       663806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       663806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       663806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       663806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       663806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       663806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    808170676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    808170676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    808170676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    808170676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    808170676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    808170676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       663294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          663294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               663294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   32265                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               32265                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32265                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32265    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32265                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1440394912                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1440394912    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1440394912                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31253     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           48      0.15%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           70      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31371                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        32265                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32265                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        31371                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31371                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        63636                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                   40352505                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    27908                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                  41049905                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                    4357                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    306                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  111                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                      51                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses               40380413                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses              41054262                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                        81402410                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         32265                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                    81434675                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   26655                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               26655                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        26655                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         26655    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        26655                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1499195912                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1499195912    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1499195912                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        26544     99.91%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           25      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        26569                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        26655                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        26655                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        26569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        26569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        53224                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                  763680118                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    26655                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    303                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses              763706773                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                       763680118                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         26655                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                   763706773                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions              3503                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1752                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2503295894041.537109                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  65800865997265.156250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          433     24.71%     24.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1310     74.77%     99.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            9      0.51%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2359481716145000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1752                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  426930118727                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385774406360773                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21782850768396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                   1752                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 763704544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   853859296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts             749520408                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           764576691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               62942                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                  32421930                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts     95487458                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  764576691                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      62942                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads        1156529842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        580176115                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             63217                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes             3203                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads         2507947032                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes         614712643                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                    91329070                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  50249520                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 41079550                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21780730538581.289062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             2120229814.712424                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000097                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999903                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                       123311875                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 122      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu               754873092     88.41%     88.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                7640809      0.89%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   12216      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                    371      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                    758      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                    488      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                   373      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead               50249520      5.88%     95.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite              41079534      4.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                853861439                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         228.884993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs          81426101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1000828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           81.358736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   228.884993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.447041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.447041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.666016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       163860838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses      163860838                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data     39503977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39503977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data     40748280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40748280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        43538                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        43538                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data          625                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          625                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        55541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        55541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        46572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data     80252882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       80252882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data     80296420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      80296420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       766368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       766368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data       227211                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       227211                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         7166                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7166                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        17034                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17034                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          874                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          874                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         8915                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8915                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data      1010613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total      1010613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data      1017779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total      1017779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data     40270345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40270345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data     40975491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40975491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        50704                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        50704                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        17659                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17659                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        56415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        56415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        55487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        55487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data     81263495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81263495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data     81314199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81314199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.019031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.141330                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.141330                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.964607                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.964607                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.015492                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015492                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.160668                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.160668                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       650079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          650079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               974628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         339.861487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs         763706687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          367557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs         2077.791164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   339.861487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.663792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.663792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1527780931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses     1527780931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst    763339130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     763339130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst    763339130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total      763339130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst    763339130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total     763339130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       367557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       367557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       367557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       367557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       367557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       367557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst    763706687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    763706687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst    763706687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total    763706687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst    763706687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total    763706687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       367045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          367045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               367045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                   46261                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong               46261                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        46261                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         46261    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        46261                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1754503568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1754503568    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1754503568                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        44383     99.27%     99.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          151      0.34%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          175      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        44709                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        46261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        46261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        44709                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        44709                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        90970                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                   41255422                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                    40827                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                  40015369                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                    5434                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    560                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  350                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     194                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses               41296249                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses              40020803                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                        81270791                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                         46261                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                    81317052                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   20403                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               20403                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        20403                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         20403    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        20403                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1761095068                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1761095068    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1761095068                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        20201     99.81%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           38      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20239                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        20403                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        20403                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        20239                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20239                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        40642                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                  730672047                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    20403                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    385                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses              730692450                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                       730672047                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         20403                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                   730692450                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              3740                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1870                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   323274028467.133179                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9362905872870                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          587     31.39%     31.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1279     68.40%     99.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.05%     99.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.16%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 322753151011500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1870                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3781678903245961                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 604522433233539                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21783794752078                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                   1871                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 730689120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   817304121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts             713881038                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           731537564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               71032                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  30673437                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts     92896858                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  731537564                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      71032                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads        1103026470                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        556934942                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             73738                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            14430                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads         2356503203                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         583625011                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                    90530122                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                  50488647                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 40041475                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21781765202066.894531                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             2029550011.105175                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000093                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999907                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                       119410573                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 614      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu               719349453     88.01%     88.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                7393788      0.90%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   19460      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                   1750      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   3748      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                   2456      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  1756      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4136      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead               50488647      6.18%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite              40041475      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                817307287                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          59.543779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs          81310753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1085504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.905991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10528393304945000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    59.543779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.116296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.116296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       163709058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      163709058                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data     40261370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40261370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data     39655678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     39655678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        73130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        73130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data         1294                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1294                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data       105219                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       105219                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        95099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        95099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data     79918342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       79918342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data     79991472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      79991472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       843766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       843766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       234947                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       234947                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         8342                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8342                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data        20481                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        20481                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data         1236                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1236                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data        10191                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10191                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data      1099194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total      1099194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data      1107536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total      1107536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data     41105136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41105136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data     39890625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     39890625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        81472                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        81472                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data        21775                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21775                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       106455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       106455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data       105290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data     81017536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81017536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data     81099008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81099008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.020527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.102391                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.102391                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.940574                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.940574                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.011611                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011611                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.096790                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.096790                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       631746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          631746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements              1053110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse          70.613284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs         730692286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          374815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs         1949.474503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10528393304940000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    70.613284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.137917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.137917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1461759387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     1461759387                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst    730317471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     730317471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst    730317471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total      730317471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst    730317471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total     730317471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       374815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       374815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       374815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       374815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       374815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       374815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst    730692286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    730692286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst    730692286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total    730692286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst    730692286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total    730692286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       374303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          374303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               374303                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   49884                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               49884                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        49884                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         49884    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        49884                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    594595588                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     594595588    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    594595588                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        47449     99.39%     99.39% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          121      0.25%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          170      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        47740                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        49884                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        49884                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        47740                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        47740                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        97624                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                   43552976                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    44162                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                  42746645                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    5722                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    632                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  187                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     182                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses               43597138                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses              42752367                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                        86299621                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         49884                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                    86349505                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   31031                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               31031                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        31031                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         31031    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        31031                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    593965588                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0     593965588    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total    593965588                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        30809     99.85%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           47      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        30856                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        31031                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        31031                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        30856                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        30856                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        61887                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                  763274981                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    31031                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    560                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses              763306012                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                       763274981                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         31031                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                   763306012                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions              4552                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2276                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   890285522656.837036                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  30430282045800.878906                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          718     31.55%     31.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1552     68.19%     99.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.04%     99.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      0.22%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1391482207933500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2276                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  2359911486912539                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2026289849566961                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21878585784936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                   2277                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                 763301960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                   855477098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts             744512791                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses           766006171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               77913                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                  32930048                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts     97188948                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                  766006171                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      77913                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads        1155536836                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes        580058214                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             81498                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            14803                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads         2472215901                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes         606638919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    96237113                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                  53459864                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                 42777249                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21876452197986.210938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             2133586949.789794                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000098                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999902                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                       125457645                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 648      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu               751658440     87.86%     87.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                7552615      0.88%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   17549      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   1916      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   4038      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   2592      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  1922      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead               53459864      6.25%     95.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite              42777233      5.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                855480975                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         187.087583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs          86343119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1127884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           76.553191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    9106606801897500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   187.087583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.365405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.365405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.806641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       173814122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses      173814122                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data     42535136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42535136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data     42372218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42372218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        77118                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        77118                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1283                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1283                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data       100521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       100521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        89760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        89760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data     84908637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       84908637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data     84985755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      84985755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       868370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       868370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data       249123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       249123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         8695                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8695                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        25196                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25196                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         3215                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3215                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data        12484                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12484                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data      1142689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total      1142689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data      1151384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total      1151384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data     43403506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43403506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data     42621341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42621341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        85813                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        85813                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        26479                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26479                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       103736                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       103736                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data       102244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       102244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data     86051326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     86051326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     86137139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     86137139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.020007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005845                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005845                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.101325                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.101325                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.951547                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.951547                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.030992                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030992                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.122100                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.122100                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       641595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          641595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements              1089325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         236.578143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs         763305837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          419084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs         1821.367165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    9106606801892500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   236.578143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.462067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.462067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1527030758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses     1527030758                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst    762886753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     762886753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst    762886753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total      762886753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst    762886753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total     762886753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       419084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       419084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       419084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       419084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       419084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       419084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst    763305837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    763305837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst    763305837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total    763305837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst    763305837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total    763305837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       418572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          418572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               418572                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                 2466431                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong             2466431                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2466431                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2466431    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2466431                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1182444588                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1182444588    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1182444588                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2462141     99.97%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          221      0.01%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          487      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2462849                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2466431                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2466431                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2462849                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2462849                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4929280                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                  184553592                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                  2316530                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                 112296463                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                  149901                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    791                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  927                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     188                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses              186870122                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses             112446364                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                       296850055                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                       2466431                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                   299316486                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   56021                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               56021                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        56021                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         56021    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        56021                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1118865088                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1118865088    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1118865088                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        55769     99.77%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          127      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        55896                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        56021                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        56021                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        55896                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        55896                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       111917                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                 1393070818                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    56021                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    624                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses             1393126839                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                      1393070818                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         56021                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                  1393126839                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions              5324                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2662                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   761055619653.267456                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  27987746445967.011719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1297     48.72%     48.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1358     51.01%     99.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            7      0.26%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1391482221540000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2662                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  2360271276962502                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2025930059516998                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   22219915439486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                   2663                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                1393121270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                  1573876066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts            1338964462                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses          1426597827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses              503405                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                  60722708                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts    173641003                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                 1426597827                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                     503405                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads        2052826042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes       1149316733                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads            628208                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes           394704                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads         2716399671                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes         834564289                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                   309088732                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                 196623078                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                112465654                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             22215928904926.855469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             3986534559.144723                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000179                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999821                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                       238606147                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass               14635      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu              1249455356     79.39%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult               14955979      0.95%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   20298      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                13903      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                  42342      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                 104973      0.01%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                  56508      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                 35680      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead              196623078     12.49%     92.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite             112465638      7.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total               1573881510                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         162.814065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs         299299340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         5905453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           50.681860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    9106607391615500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   162.814065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.317996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.317996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       604509637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      604509637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data    181215207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     181215207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data    111029019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    111029019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data       252248                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       252248                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data        63616                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        63616                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data       398142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       398142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data       389121                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       389121                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data    292307842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total      292307842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data    292560090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total     292560090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data      4967380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4967380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data       751795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       751795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data        23767                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        23767                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data       185641                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       185641                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data         7805                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7805                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data        15599                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        15599                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data      5904816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total      5904816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data      5928583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total      5928583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data    186182587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    186182587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data    111780814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    111780814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data       276015                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       276015                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data       249257                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       249257                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       405947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       405947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data       404720                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       404720                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data    298212658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total    298212658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data    298488673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total    298488673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.026680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.006726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.086108                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.086108                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.744777                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.744777                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.019227                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019227                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.038543                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.038543                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.019801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.019862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1647507                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total         1647507                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements              5858760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         236.578075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs        1393126714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1026856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs         1356.691410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    9106607391610500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   236.578075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.462067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.462067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2787280284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     2787280284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst   1392099858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1392099858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst   1392099858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total     1392099858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst   1392099858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total    1392099858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst      1026856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1026856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst      1026856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total      1026856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst      1026856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total      1026856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst   1393126714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1393126714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst   1393126714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total   1393126714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst   1393126714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total   1393126714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1026344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total         1026344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements              1026344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  109527                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              109527                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       109527                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        109527    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       109527                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       107857     98.67%     98.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1320      1.21%     99.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          129      0.12%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       109306                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       109527                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       109527                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       109306                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       109306                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       218833                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   47833358                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   100728                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  47771121                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    8799                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    516                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2653                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     142                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               47934086                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              47779920                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        95604479                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        109527                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    95714006                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  164271                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              164271                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       164271                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        164271    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       164271                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       162957     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1292      0.79%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       164249                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       164271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       164271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       164249                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       164249                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       328520                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  811698577                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   164271                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    467                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              811862848                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       811698577                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        164271                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   811862848                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              7403                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3702                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1184696425330.875977                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8058068156647.040039                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          951     25.69%     25.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2615     70.64%     96.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.03%     96.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.05%     96.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.03%     96.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          132      3.57%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3702                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  455169904597                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385746166574903                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   22206198192767                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   3702                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 811856461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   910335873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts             775411585                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           817155973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              834690                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  35386735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts    100730773                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  817155973                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     834690                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads        1228721659                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        623380139                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           1190533                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           691257                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads         2551870550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes         637668723                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                   105680430                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  57878106                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 47802324                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             22203893785806.304688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             2304406960.697000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000104                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999896                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                       131923308                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               33823      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               796118811     87.45%     87.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                7855371      0.86%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   46677      0.01%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 113176      0.01%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 241257      0.03%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 135292      0.01%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                113260      0.01%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               57878106      6.36%     94.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              47802308      5.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                910342238                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.171862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          95705657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1457914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           65.645612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   431.171862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.842133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.842133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.648438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       192869484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      192869484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     46541947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      46541947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     47235632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     47235632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        95697                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        95697                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         6782                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         6782                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       167656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       167656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       150975                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       150975                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     93784361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       93784361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     93880058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      93880058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data      1094551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1094551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       319631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       319631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        24083                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        24083                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        42675                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        42675                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         5576                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5576                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        20452                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20452                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      1456857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      1456857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      1480940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      1480940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     47636498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47636498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     47555263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     47555263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       119780                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       119780                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        49457                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        49457                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       173232                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       173232                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       171427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       171427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     95241218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     95241218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     95360998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     95360998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.022977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.006721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.201060                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.201060                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.862871                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.862871                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.032188                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032188                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.119304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.119304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.015296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.015530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       846914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          846914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              1412807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.426347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         811862826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1652795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs          491.206003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   504.426347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.985208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1625378447                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses     1625378447                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    810210031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     810210031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    810210031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      810210031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    810210031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     810210031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      1652795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1652795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      1652795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      1652795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      1652795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      1652795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    811862826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    811862826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    811862826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    811862826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    811862826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    811862826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.002036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.002036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.002036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1652283                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         1652283                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              1652283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  216542                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              216542                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       216542                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        216542    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       216542                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       214655     99.70%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          363      0.17%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          289      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       215307                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       216542                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       216542                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       215307                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       215307                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       431849                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  101350606                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   189857                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  93675561                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   26685                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                   2254                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 6994                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                     522                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              101540463                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              93702246                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       195026167                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        216542                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   195242709                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 1006699                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             1006699                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1006699                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1006699    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1006699                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1003550     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2924      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1006474                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1006699                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1006699                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1006474                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1006474                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2013173                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 1032595411                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  1006699                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                   2038                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             1033602110                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      1032595411                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       1006699                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  1033602110                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             45452                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        22726                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   192977719012.530701                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2510769862930.126465                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        20328     89.45%     89.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2256      9.93%     99.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.00%     99.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          141      0.62%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         22726                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  589694200727                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385611642278773                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   22134924351184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  22727                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                1033529193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1179317468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             788104074                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          1070487308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              721637                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  55338721                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    134588933                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 1070487308                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     721637                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        1585068339                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        816172415                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            772287                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           405322                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads         2545044385                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         671760894                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   204963910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 111274976                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 93688934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             22131948464921.433594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             2975886262.565279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000134                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999866                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       187456526                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               15958      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               966238440     81.93%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                7836632      0.66%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   67053      0.01%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  47871      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 100326      0.01%     82.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  63832      0.01%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 51992      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              111274976      9.43%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              93688918      7.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1179390160                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         494.235105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         195231722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3981723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           49.031970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   494.235105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.965303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.849609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       394445551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      394445551                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     96279726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      96279726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     91386234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     91386234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       873674                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       873674                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        37271                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        37271                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1289397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1289397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1295909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1295909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    187703231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      187703231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    188576905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     188576905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      2894705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2894705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       763269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       763269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       154498                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       154498                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       178144                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       178144                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        43538                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        43538                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        35357                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        35357                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      3836118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      3836118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      3990616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      3990616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     99174431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     99174431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     92149503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     92149503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1028172                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1028172                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       215415                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       215415                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1332935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1332935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1331266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    191539349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    191539349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    192567521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    192567521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.029188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.008283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.150265                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.150265                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.826980                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.826980                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.032663                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032663                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.026559                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.026559                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.020028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.020723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2177241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         2177241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              3903053                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.751095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        1033601885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        10041280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs          102.935272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.751095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2077245050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     2077245050                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   1023560605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1023560605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   1023560605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     1023560605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   1023560605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    1023560605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     10041280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     10041280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     10041280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     10041280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     10041280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     10041280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   1033601885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1033601885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   1033601885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   1033601885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   1033601885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   1033601885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.009715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.009715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.009715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     10040768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        10040768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             10040768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   65025                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               65025                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        65025                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         65025    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        65025                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        64195     99.01%     99.01% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          553      0.85%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           86      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        64834                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        65025                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        65025                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        64834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        64834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       129859                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   45099932                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    58509                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  45516700                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    6516                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    272                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1272                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      24                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               45158441                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              45523216                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        90616632                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         65025                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    90681657                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                  125936                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong              125936                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       125936                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        125936    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       125936                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       125361     99.55%     99.55% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          569      0.45%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       125930                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       125936                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       125936                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       125930                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       125930                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       251866                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                  786677796                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                   125936                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10949                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   103                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    275                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses              786803732                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                       786677796                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                        125936                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                   786803732                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              7506                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3753                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1168601218055.123535                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8578305027437.343750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1732     46.15%     46.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1927     51.35%     97.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           94      2.50%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3753                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  440965118621                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4385760371360879                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   22266648786275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   3753                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 786796879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   881925203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             753544501                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           790904372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              391974                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  34479466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts     98262597                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  790904372                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     391974                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        1194119936                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        600744976                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            532924                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           289170                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads         2513118234                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         619482212                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                   100560043                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  55014561                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 45545482                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             22264410217078.683594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             2238569196.317049                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000101                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999899                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       128369212                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass               13932      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               773403932     87.69%     87.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                7679206      0.87%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   23323      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  46337      0.01%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  99063      0.01%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  55728      0.01%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 46346      0.01%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               55014561      6.24%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              45545466      5.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                881932050                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         429.111715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          90676039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1220336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.304158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   429.111715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.838109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.838109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       182572542                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      182572542                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     43979806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      43979806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     45079100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     45079100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        88174                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        88174                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         4033                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         4033                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       137438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       137438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       126943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       126943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     89062939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       89062939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     89151113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      89151113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       926879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       926879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       267859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       267859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        18880                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        18880                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        29851                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        29851                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         3927                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3927                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        13149                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13149                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      1224589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      1224589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data      1243469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      1243469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     44906685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44906685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     45346959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     45346959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data       107054                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       107054                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        33884                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        33884                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       141365                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       141365                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       140092                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       140092                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     90287528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     90287528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     90394582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     90394582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.020640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.176360                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.176360                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.880976                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.880976                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.027779                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027779                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.093860                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.093860                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       746971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          746971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements              1183200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.673787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs         786803726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1337041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs          588.466417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   508.673787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.993503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1574944493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     1574944493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst    785466685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     785466685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst    785466685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total      785466685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst    785466685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total     785466685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst      1337041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1337041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst      1337041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total      1337041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst      1337041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total      1337041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst    786803726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    786803726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst    786803726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total    786803726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst    786803726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total    786803726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.001699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.001699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.001699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1336529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total         1336529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements              1336529                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                12789                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               12789                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              541986                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             541986                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        12494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        36798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1109550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        12494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13050                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        26222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34242496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34242496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34268718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                7.393104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         9106596680425500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide      7.393104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.462069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.462069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4827384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4827384                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536376                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536376                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536360                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                10141.222411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   15303589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  2711223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                     5.644533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     963.393746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    38.594520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    39.077557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    2012.255933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    2560.400944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    14.395205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    22.821135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst     755.195136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     707.224263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker     4.985900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker     6.253931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst     261.732406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     564.410370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    12.092257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    12.966975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     854.044917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    1311.377215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.058801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.002356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.002385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.122818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.156274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.000879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.046093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.043166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.000304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.015975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.034449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.052127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.080040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.618971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010498                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.889099                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                 33601571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses                33601571                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       143526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       151639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        84832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        42496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       120944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       108099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       140476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       139888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                 931900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3489686                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3489686                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1082049                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total         1082049                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks            721                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                 721                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           2512                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           4046                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           2958                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           2353                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11869                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          591                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          395                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          608                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1787                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          131095                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data           96871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          101616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          140300                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               469882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       633325                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       327909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       438022                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       576255                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1975511                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       846974                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       607750                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data       637994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       714178                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          2806896                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         3112                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data          104                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         1945                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         4997                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            10158                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       143526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       151639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst             633325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data             978069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        84832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        42496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst             327909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data             704621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       120944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       108099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst             438022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data             739610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       140476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       139888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             576255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data             854478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                 6184189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       143526                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       151639                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst            633325                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data            978069                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        84832                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        42496                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst            327909                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data            704621                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       120944                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       108099                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst            438022                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data            739610                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       140476                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       139888                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            576255                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data            854478                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total                6184189                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                13713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        29120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        10754                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        19151                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        21962                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total             80987                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        17243                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         8454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         9440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        14057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           49194                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        659315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data         84947                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data         98740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        111261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total             954263                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        67679                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        20076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        34824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        53428                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          176007                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       812500                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       143863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       175074                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       239762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        1371199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        30866                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data        17832                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        23306                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        36152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         108156                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            67679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          1471815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst            20076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data           228810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            34824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data           273814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            53428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data           351023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               2515182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3441                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1194                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           67679                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         1471815                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1825                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          248                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           20076                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data          228810                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2842                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          753                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           34824                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data          273814                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2664                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          746                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           53428                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data          351023                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              2515182                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       146967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       152833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        86657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        42744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       123786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       143140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       140634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total             945613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3489686                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3489686                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1082049                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1082049                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks          721                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total             721                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        31632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        14800                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        22109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        24315                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           92856                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        17834                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         8647                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         9835                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        14665                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         50981                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       790410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       181818                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       200356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       251561                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1424145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst       701004                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       347985                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       472846                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       629683                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       2151518                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1659474                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       751613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       813068                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       953940                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4178095                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        33978                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        17936                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        25251                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        41149                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       118314                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       146967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       152833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst         701004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        2449884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        86657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        42744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         347985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data         933431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       123786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst         472846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        1013424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       143140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       140634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         629683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        1205501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total             8699371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       146967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       152833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst        701004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       2449884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        86657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        42744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst        347985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data        933431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       123786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst        472846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       1013424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       143140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       140634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        629683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       1205501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total            8699371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.023413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.021060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.005802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.022959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.014502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.920587                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.726622                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.866208                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.903228                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.872178                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.966861                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.977680                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.959837                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.958541                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964948                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.834143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.467209                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.492823                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.442282                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.670060                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.096546                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.057692                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.073648                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.084849                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.081806                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.489613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.191406                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.215325                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.251339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.328188                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.908411                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.994202                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.922973                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.878563                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.914144                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.023413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.096546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.600769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.021060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.005802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.057692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.245128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.022959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.073648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.270187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.084849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.291184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.289122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.023413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.096546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.600769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.021060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.005802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.057692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.245128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.022959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.073648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.270187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.084849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.291184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.289122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1217506                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1217506                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       2505489                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                 9556.763557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                   18508085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                  1771540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                    10.447455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     921.346116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    78.395991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    79.587354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    2478.226779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    2661.142136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    13.689747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker     6.410687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     752.392354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    1170.598435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker     3.426107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker     2.234461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     281.763921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     456.578708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker     3.251030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker     6.997693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     194.140219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     446.581820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.056235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.151259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.162423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.045922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.071448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.000209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.017198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.027867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.000198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.011849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.027257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.583299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006470                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                 39239836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                39239836                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       478836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       753512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        83834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       120503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        93015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       116694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        94357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                1860509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3210646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3210646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2561107                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total         2561107                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           1173                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           5974                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           7121                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           3441                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total               17709                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          320                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          599                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          396                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1695                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data          211579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data          118878                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data          106295                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data          103701                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total               540453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst      2448614                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       487214                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       406751                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       409170                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           3751749                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data      1121503                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       726493                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       736699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       655518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          3240213                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        45054                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         3738                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         1300                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         2140                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total            52232                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       478836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       753512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            2448614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data            1333082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        83834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             487214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data             845371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       120503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        93015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             406751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data             842994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       116694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        94357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             409170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data             759219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                 9392924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       478836                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       753512                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           2448614                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data           1333082                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        83834                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       119758                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            487214                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data            845371                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       120503                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        93015                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            406751                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data            842994                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       116694                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        94357                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            409170                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data            759219                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total                9392924                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                14133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        43884                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        13782                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         9909                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        21012                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             88587                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        31330                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        11071                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        10577                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        11468                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           64446                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        113721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         99975                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         98178                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data         98824                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total             410698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        72298                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        39904                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        33173                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        26411                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          171786                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       291023                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       181609                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data       180881                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data       198784                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         852297                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data       102230                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        27465                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        24472                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        21583                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total         175750                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            72298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data           404744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst            39904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data           281584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            33173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data           279059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst            26411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data           297608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total               1448914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3970                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1014                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           72298                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data          404744                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2675                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          666                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           39904                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data          281584                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           33173                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data          279059                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          548                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           26411                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data          297608                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total              1448914                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       482806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       754526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        86509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       120424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       123063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        93706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       118703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        94905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total            1874642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3210646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3210646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2561107                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2561107                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        45057                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        19756                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        17030                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        24453                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          106296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        31650                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        11670                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        10957                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        11864                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         66141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       325300                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       218853                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       204473                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data       202525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           951151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      2520912                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       527118                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       439924                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       435581                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       3923535                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1412526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       908102                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       917580                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       854302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4092510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data       147284                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        31203                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        25772                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        23723                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       227982                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       482806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       754526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        2520912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data        1737826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        86509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       120424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         527118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data        1126955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       123063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        93706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         439924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        1122053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       118703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        94905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         435581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        1056827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total            10841838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       482806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       754526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       2520912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data       1737826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        86509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       120424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        527118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data       1126955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       123063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        93706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        439924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       1122053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       118703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        94905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        435581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       1056827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total           10841838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.008223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.030922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.005530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.020802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.016925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.007539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.973966                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.697611                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.581856                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.859281                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.833399                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.989889                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.948672                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.965319                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.966622                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.974373                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.349588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.456813                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.480151                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.487960                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.431791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.028679                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.075702                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.075406                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.060634                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.043783                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.206030                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.199987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.197128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.232686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.208258                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.694101                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.880204                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.949558                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.909792                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.770894                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.008223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.028679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.232902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.030922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.075702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.249863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.020802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.075406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.248704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.016925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.060634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.281605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.133641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.008223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.028679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.232902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.030922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.075702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.249863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.020802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.075406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.248704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.016925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.060634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.281605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.133641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks              754909                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                   754909                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                       1507909                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                 6927.492218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                   12140234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                  1788867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     6.786549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1014.860885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    20.029819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    18.032127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     996.720512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    1683.948378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker     9.091976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker     4.703884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     610.145533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    1008.203072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     1.162643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     1.546742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst      86.815225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     322.692765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker     5.679122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    10.160613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst     359.640456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     774.058466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.061942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.001223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.001101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.060835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.102780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.000287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.037240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.061536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.005299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.019696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.000347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.021951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.047245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.422821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.018433                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939087                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                 26409905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                26409905                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       135990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       115108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        90273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        78223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker       122601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        56457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       132247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        88952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                 819851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2707846                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2707846                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       889996                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total          889996                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           1567                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           4021                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           1509                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           4046                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11143                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          285                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1345                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data          118815                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data          120406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data          105518                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data          120370                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total               465109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       609629                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       345955                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       348493                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       388478                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1692555                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data       715815                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       571966                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data       607504                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       613338                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          2508623                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         3576                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         1851                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         1740                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         2533                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             9700                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       135990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       115108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             609629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data             834630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        90273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        78223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             345955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data             692372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker       122601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        56457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             348493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data             713022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       132247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        88952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             388478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data             733708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                 5486138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       135990                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       115108                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            609629                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data            834630                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        90273                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        78223                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            345955                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data            692372                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker       122601                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        56457                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            348493                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data            713022                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       132247                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        88952                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            388478                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data            733708                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                5486138                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         2690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                10840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        23986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        12069                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        20776                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        20222                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total             77053                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        14032                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         7400                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         7777                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        10598                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        120931                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         88009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data        105390                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data        101092                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total             415422                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        54177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        21602                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        26322                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        30606                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          132707                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data       287022                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data       187991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data       236673                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data       251754                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         963440                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        27386                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        15181                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data        18699                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        22662                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total          83928                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         2690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            54177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data           407953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            21602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data           276000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            26322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data           342063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            30606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data           352846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total               1522409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         2690                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1068                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           54177                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data          407953                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1320                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          382                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           21602                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data          276000                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2122                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          484                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           26322                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data          342063                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2118                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          656                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           30606                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data          352846                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total              1522409                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       138680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       116176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        91593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        78605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker       124723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        56941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       134365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        89608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total             830691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2707846                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2707846                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       889996                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total       889996                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        25553                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        16090                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        22285                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        24268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           88196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        14467                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7679                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         8062                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        10944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         41152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       239746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data       208415                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       210908                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data       221462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total           880531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       663806                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       367557                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       374815                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       419084                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1825262                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1002837                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       759957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       844177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       865092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3472063                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        30962                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        17032                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data        20439                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        25195                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        93628                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       138680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       116176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         663806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data        1242583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        91593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        78605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         367557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         968372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker       124723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        56941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         374815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data        1055085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       134365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        89608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         419084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        1086554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total             7008547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       138680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       116176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        663806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data       1242583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        91593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        78605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        367557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        968372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker       124723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        56941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        374815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data       1055085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       134365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        89608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        419084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       1086554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total            7008547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.019397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.014412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.004860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.015763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.007321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.013049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.938676                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.750093                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.932286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.833278                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.873656                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.969932                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.963667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.964649                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.968385                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967316                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.504413                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.422278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.499697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.456476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.471786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.081616                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.058772                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.070227                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.073031                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.072706                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.286210                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.247371                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.280359                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.291014                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.277483                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.884504                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.891322                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.914869                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.899464                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.896399                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.019397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.081616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.328310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.014412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.004860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.058772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.285014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.070227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.324204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.015763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.007321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.073031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.324739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.217222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.019397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.009193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.081616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.328310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.014412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.004860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.058772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.285014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.008500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.070227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.324204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.015763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.007321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.073031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.324739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.217222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks              716306                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                   716306                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                       1609793                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                11905.010394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                   61715529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  5892936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    10.472798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1975.811301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     2.132081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     1.741255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     204.284045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     464.669727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    23.200152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    23.493405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst     865.506952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    1200.560683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    29.331446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    53.613088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    2360.931108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    2359.353750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    45.217016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    50.591994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    1042.560025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    1202.012366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.120594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.012469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.028361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.001416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.001434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.052826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.073276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.001790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.144100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.144004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.002760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.003088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.063633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.073365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.726624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.017944                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958496                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                130068900                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses               130068900                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker      7323316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       164310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       322592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       488179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       612912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2997958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       190078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       375118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total               12474463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5418633                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5418633                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     10975308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total        10975308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           5198                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           5930                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           3394                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           1921                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total               16443                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          369                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data         2422                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data         1540                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data         1199                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              5530                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data          246581                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          183117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data          537702                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data          142779                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total              1110179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       947017                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      1569145                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      9739971                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst      1276785                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          13532918                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data      2048984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       884660                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      2603088                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       756442                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          6293174                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         5238                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        25140                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       108247                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        13388                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total           152013                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker      7323316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       164310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             947017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data            2295565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       322592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       488179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            1569145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data            1067777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       612912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2997958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst            9739971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data            3140790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       190078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       375118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst            1276785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data             899221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total                33410734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker      7323316                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker       164310                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            947017                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data           2295565                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       322592                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       488179                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           1569145                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data           1067777                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       612912                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2997958                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst           9739971                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data           3140790                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       190078                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       375118                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst           1276785                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data            899221                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total               33410734                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker        54174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         3746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         3269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        20482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         3854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         2116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total               102589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        24076                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        16809                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        43096                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        22397                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total            106378                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        12943                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        11580                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        27226                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         8795                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           60544                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data        473255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data        105795                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        172624                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         97461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             849135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        79839                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        83650                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       301309                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        60256                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          525054                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data      2932043                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       201526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       455560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       179204                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        3768333                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data       180373                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        17528                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        69675                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        16414                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total         283990                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker        54174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            79839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data          3405298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         3269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst            83650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data           307321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        20482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           301309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data           628184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         3854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            60256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data           276665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               5245111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker        54174                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           79839                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data         3405298                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         3746                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         3269                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           83650                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data          307321                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        20482                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13737                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          301309                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data          628184                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         3854                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         2116                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           60256                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data          276665                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              5245111                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker      7377490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       165521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       326338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       491448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       633394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3011695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       193932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       377234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total           12577052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5418633                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5418633                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     10975308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total     10975308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        29274                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        22739                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        46490                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        24318                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          122821                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        13312                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        14002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        28766                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         9994                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         66074                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data       719836                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       288912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       710326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       240240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1959314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst      1026856                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      1652795                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     10041280                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst      1337041                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      14057972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data      4981027                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1086186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      3058648                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       935646                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10061507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data       185611                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        42668                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       177922                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        29802                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       436003                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker      7377490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       165521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        1026856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        5700863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       326338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       491448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        1652795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        1375098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       633394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3011695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst       10041280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data        3768974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       193932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       377234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst        1337041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        1175886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total            38655845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker      7377490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker       165521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       1026856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       5700863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       326338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       491448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       1652795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       1375098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       633394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      3011695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst      10041280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data       3768974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       193932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       377234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst       1337041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       1175886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total           38655845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.011479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.019873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.822436                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.739215                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.926995                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.921005                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.866122                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.972281                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.827025                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.946465                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.880028                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.916306                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.657448                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.366184                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.405682                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.433384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.077751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.050611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.030007                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.045067                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.037349                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.588642                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.185535                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.148942                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.191530                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.374530                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.971780                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.410800                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.391604                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.550768                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.651349                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.077751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.597330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.011479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.050611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.223490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.030007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.166672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.019873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.045067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.235282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.135687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.077751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.597330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.011479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.050611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.223490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.030007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.166672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.019873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.045067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.235282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.135687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks             1395244                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                  1395244                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       5488918                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      23393732                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10862759                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3236071                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               56798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            8162472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              47575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             47575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4616749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6211334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           459731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         253234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          635327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2562282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2561187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8105674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1184728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1184624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1609112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1609112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        42372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7898446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total      7954808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        44590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4933567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total      4987371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        30514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4853188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total      4886666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        54472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16586231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total     16651333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               36089290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34327040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34327040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        84744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    237910976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    238005479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        89180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    140052992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total    140150696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        61028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    142295040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total    142357802                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       108944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    423564992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total    423680141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               978521158                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12670022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.360668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.728303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9513620     75.09%     75.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2229350     17.60%     92.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  440836      3.48%     96.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  486216      3.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12670022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     15991268                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7184166                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2264583                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        593946                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       394275                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       199671                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           1003688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          7388758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            12684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           12684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3489686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2149473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean            721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        2134260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         101767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        58641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        160408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1428289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1428289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2151521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4233549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         4608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         4608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       118387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       118387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      2102503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      7572472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       313698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       320322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1043446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      2949367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        86492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       175970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1418029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3215021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       222994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       255114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1888537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3834651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       294510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       307282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             26000408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     89695872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    243390940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1254792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1281288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     44509440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    103255366                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       345968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       703880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     60491648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    110169178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       891976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1020456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     80566656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    129022699                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1178040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1229128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total             869007327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        4184801                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 77920384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        13131642                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.297584                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.769831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              10984299     83.65%     83.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               1065888      8.12%     91.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                480020      3.66%     95.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                525138      4.00%     99.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 75548      0.58%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                   366      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                   283      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                   100      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          13131642                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18754599                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8405002                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2789844                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        658018                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       458037                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       199981                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq           1944275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp         10033596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq            11795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp           11795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3210646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3921494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1972063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         114603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        72871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        187474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          955344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         955344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      3923542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4165779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        12736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        12736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       228049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       228049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      7562224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      5829537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1512636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       983014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1580863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3585019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       249256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       197606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1319260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3562764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       195584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       262830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1306231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3357957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       196724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       260686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total             31962191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    322643968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    181628214                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      6050544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      3932056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     67439232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    120961816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       997024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       790424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     56277504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    118559530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       782336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1051320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     55721600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    112181360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       786896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1042744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total            1050846568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        2832456                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                 48314176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples        14076939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.330178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.796535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0              11472649     81.50%     81.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1               1332188      9.46%     90.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                592075      4.21%     95.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                590054      4.19%     99.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 89179      0.63%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                   298      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                   278      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                   216      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total          14076939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests     12825616                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5685589                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1957299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        691950                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       499347                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       192603                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq            903833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          6243970                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             7241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            7241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2707846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1823214                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1655599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          93883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        47522                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        141405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          883503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         883503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1825262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3514875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        50816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        50816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        93674                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        93674                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1990906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3989220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       242530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       309814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1102159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3044832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       159880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       193184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1123933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3300022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       122338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       276512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1256740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3431395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       186090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       298322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total             21027877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     84934400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    130021715                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       970120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side      1239256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     47014528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    104582057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       639520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       772736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     47943552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    108607408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       489352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side      1106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     53609984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    111649918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       744360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side      1193288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total             695518242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                        2683625                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                 45843584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         9964760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.361098                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.822482                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               7926346     79.54%     79.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1               1067768     10.72%     90.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                451687      4.53%     94.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                449861      4.51%     99.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                 68432      0.69%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                   292      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                   274      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                    99      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           9964760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     53432149                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     24959033                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      5642238                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        879936                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       675658                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       204278                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 11133324391260500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq          12638626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp         36862187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq            15855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp           15855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5418633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     14055924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        6939187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         138311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        84557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        222868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1964243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1964243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     14057972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10165589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       436311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       436311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      3080056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     17789306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       335868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     14796124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      4957873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      4442561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       983040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       654006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     30123328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     12060365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      6034338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1297306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      4010611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      3714984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       754478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       388700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total            105422944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    131404800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    471538460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1343472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     59184496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    211524992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    144809493                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      3932160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      2616024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1285251072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    382848016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     24137352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5189224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    171108480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    124020940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      3017912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1554800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total            3023481693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        6677719                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 89295616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples        45968991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.170903                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.558127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              41059000     89.32%     89.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1               2854383      6.21%     95.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2               1228305      2.67%     98.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                765750      1.67%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 60613      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                   381      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                   301      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                   253      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total          45968991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
