
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              16849.066588                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                16849066587757000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               23596189642538000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2487297                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2796243                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           2629069629000                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4923616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6408.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15940478596                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17920440372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker      1526976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker       198208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       6827264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data     179431104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       102400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        31040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       2225344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data      12638208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        25408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        16064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       1743680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       3515072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        36736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       2374720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       4578496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        59520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       2209984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       5200704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       1247040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       3094784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        39744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        35648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1990592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       6181632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        15936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        10112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1193664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       2333248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker      3721280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker       100224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       5224256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data     173314688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        18112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1251968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       2095936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst        368128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data        503104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        23040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        20928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1436160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       4136704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        18112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker         6336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1161536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       2053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       521728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker       917248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst      21202752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data      14557440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      1093056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       880320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      18707520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      19551104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker      3597696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker      3815040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst      76278272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data      61816320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          657398912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      6827264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      2225344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      1743680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      2374720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      2209984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      1247040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1990592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1193664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      5224256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1251968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst       368128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1436160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1161536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst     21202752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     18707520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst     76278272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     145442880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    238771072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       238771072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker        23859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         3097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst         106676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        2803611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          34771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         197472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          27245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          54923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          37105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          71539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          34531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          81261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          19485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          48356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          31103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          96588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          18651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          36457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker        58145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker         1566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          81629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data        2708042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          19562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          32749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst           5752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data           7861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          22440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          64636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          18149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          32083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         8152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker        14332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst         331293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         227460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        17079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        13755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         292305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         305486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker        56214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker        59610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst        1191848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         965880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10271858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3730798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3730798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           91                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            10649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst               74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst               71                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker          221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data            10286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data               30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               85                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           31                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst             1258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker           52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             1110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             1160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker          214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker          226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst             4527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data             3669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 39017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          141                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst           74                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst           71                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           74                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           22                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           85                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           69                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst         1258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         1110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst         4527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           14171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                14171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           14171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           91                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           10649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst              74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst              71                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker          221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data           10286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data              30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              85                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           31                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst            1258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker           52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            1110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            1160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker          214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker          226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst            4527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data            3669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                53188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         2749767667121964.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2749767667121964.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 23596189642538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         2749767667121964.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2749767667121964.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 23596189642538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         2749767667121964.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           2749767667121964.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 23596189642538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         2749767667121964.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           2749767667121964.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 23596189642538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                 1130862                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong             1130862                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1130862                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1130862    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1130862                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1118210     99.49%     99.49% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         3584      0.32%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2172      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1123966                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1130862                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1130862                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1123966                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1123966                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2254828                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                  657732054                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                  1095869                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                 719571831                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   34993                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    779                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 9699                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     295                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses              658827923                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses             719606824                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                      1377303885                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                       1130862                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                  1378434747                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  298061                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              298061                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       298061                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        298061    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       298061                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       295975     99.35%     99.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1929      0.65%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       297904                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       298061                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       298061                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       297904                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       297904                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       595965                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                11780342819                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   298061                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    446                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses            11780640880                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                     11780342819                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        298061                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                 11780640880                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             15689                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7845                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2146909271228.793945                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  10653372094064.751953                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2408     30.69%     30.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5020     63.99%     94.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.01%     94.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.01%     94.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.01%     94.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            2      0.03%     94.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.03%     94.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.03%     94.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.01%     94.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.03%     94.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          405      5.16%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113389360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          7845                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  6563354966980                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16842503232789888                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   47183400017331                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   7845                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts               11780625810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                 13126699622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts           11681784879                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses         11914694228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses             1125426                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                 629058197                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts   1300262442                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                11914694228                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                    1125426                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads       17695623982                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes       8895797013                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads           1630504                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes           991684                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads        38950183662                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes        8816716984                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                  1473928155                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 753852067                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                720076088                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             47165020280935.632812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             18379736395.364639                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000390                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999610                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                      1894011062                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               48250      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu             11530346679     87.84%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult              120471464      0.92%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   84832      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                 161583      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                 345548      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                 193000      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                162464      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           972556      0.01%     88.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              753852067      5.74%     94.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             720076088      5.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total              13126714535                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         460.709909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs        1378398726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        11390196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs          121.016243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   460.709909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.899824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      2768192256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses     2768192256                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    647792031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     647792031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data    716958794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    716958794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       247058                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       247058                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         8388                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         8388                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       975223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       975223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       959039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       959039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data   1364759213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total     1364759213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data   1365006271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total    1365006271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      9746628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9746628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data      1194860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1194860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        36235                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        36235                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data       441699                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       441699                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data        13287                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13287                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        25484                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        25484                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data     11383187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total     11383187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data     11419422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total     11419422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    657538659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    657538659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data    718153654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    718153654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       283293                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       283293                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data       450087                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       450087                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       988510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       988510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       984523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       984523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data   1376142400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1376142400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data   1376425693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1376425693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.001664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.127906                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.127906                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.981364                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.981364                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.013441                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013441                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.025885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.025885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.008272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.008296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2448925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         2448925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements             11322379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs       11780640723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5049109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         2333.211805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses     23566330555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses    23566330555                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst  11775591614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total   11775591614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst  11775591614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total    11775591614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst  11775591614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total   11775591614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      5049109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5049109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      5049109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      5049109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      5049109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      5049109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst  11780640723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  11780640723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst  11780640723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total  11780640723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst  11780640723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total  11780640723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5048597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         5048597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              5048597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   60221                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               60221                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        60221                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         60221    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        60221                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        56251     98.03%     98.03% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1088      1.90%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           42      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        57381                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        60221                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        60221                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        57381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        57381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       117602                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                  237113487                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    51784                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                 193835823                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                    8437                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                     73                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  416                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                      46                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses              237165271                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses             193844260                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                       430949310                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         60221                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                   431009531                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                  164268                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong              164268                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       164268                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        164268    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       164268                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       162646     99.10%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1474      0.90%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       164120                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       164268                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       164268                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       164120                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       164120                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       328388                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                 1946802281                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                   164268                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                     43                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses             1946966549                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                      1946802281                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                        164268                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                  1946966549                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               273                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          137                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   122977916892728.421875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1117609150572465.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           66     48.18%     48.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           54     39.42%     87.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.73%     88.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.73%     89.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           15     10.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12704292239068000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           137                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1091973453206                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16847974614303794                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8289548697514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    137                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                1946962097                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                  2183942500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts            1920574939                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses          1945850778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               85975                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  91215581                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts    244180457                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                 1945850778                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      85975                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        3027871868                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes       1364426871                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             86097                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes             3511                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         6461079572                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes        1279254756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   449547161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                 250669363                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                198877798                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8289011459022.501953                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             537238491.497272                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000065                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999935                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       340710658                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                 124      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu              1716012689     78.57%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult               17529974      0.80%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   22538      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                    381      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                    814      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                    496      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                   352      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           832271      0.04%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              250669363     11.48%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             198877782      9.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total               2183946804                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         368.049944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         430989970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1151049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          374.432340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   368.049944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.718848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.718848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.681641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       863151085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      863151085                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data    235706699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     235706699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data    192846379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    192846379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        80093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        80093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         1757                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       592345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       592345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       586071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       586071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data    428554835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      428554835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data    428634928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     428634928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       772344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       772344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       204044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       204044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         9398                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9398                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data       183065                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       183065                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         6998                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6998                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1159453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1159453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1168851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1168851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data    236479043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    236479043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data    193050423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    193050423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        89491                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        89491                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data       184822                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       184822                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       593122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       593122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       593069                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       593069                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data    429714288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    429714288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data    429803779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    429803779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.003266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.105016                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.105016                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.990494                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.990494                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001310                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001310                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       858201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          858201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1132870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.962290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs        1946966401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs         6664240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          292.151303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.962290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      3900597042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     3900597042                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst   1940302161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1940302161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst   1940302161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total     1940302161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst   1940302161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total    1940302161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst      6664240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6664240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst      6664240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total      6664240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst      6664240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total      6664240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst   1946966401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1946966401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst   1946966401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total   1946966401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst   1946966401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total   1946966401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks      6663728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total         6663728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements              6663728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                   10103                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong               10103                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10103                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10103    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10103                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1778275612                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1778275612    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1778275612                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9610     98.41%     98.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          118      1.21%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           37      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9765                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        10103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9765                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9765                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        19868                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    3655556                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                     9295                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                   2455560                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                     808                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    894                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  260                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     213                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                3664851                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses               2456368                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                         6111116                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                         10103                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                     6121219                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   18380                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               18380                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        18380                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         18380    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        18380                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1777969612                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1777969612    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1777969612                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        18183     99.47%     99.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           96      0.53%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        18279                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        18380                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        18380                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        18279                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        18279                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        36659                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                   16049471                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    18380                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    703                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses               16067851                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                        16049471                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         18380                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                    16067851                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               697                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          349                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   47151323162082.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  706478680331699.375000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          186     53.30%     53.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          155     44.41%     97.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.29%     97.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.29%     98.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            6      1.72%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12677376535514500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           349                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  393254804190075                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16455811783566924                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21837626214396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    349                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                  16066267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    18882319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts               8543346                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            17387209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses               83353                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                    767285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      2554067                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   17387209                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                      83353                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          23846883                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes         13857019                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            115980                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            69511                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            4640697                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           4560963                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     6109989                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   3654855                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                  2455134                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21837613977012.582031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             12237383.416997                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         3513525                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                3409      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                12672488     67.11%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  31716      0.17%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                    7455      0.04%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  11145      0.06%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  22867      0.12%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  13636      0.07%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 11078      0.06%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                3654855     19.35%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite               2455134     13.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 18883802                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         406.183605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           6119515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          182447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.541330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7140368417085000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   406.183605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.793327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.793327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        12422643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses       12422643                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      3417672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3417672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data      2340712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2340712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        42051                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        42051                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         1802                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data        65857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        65857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        63107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        63107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data      5760186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        5760186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data      5802237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       5802237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       133813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        31531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        31531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         3987                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3987                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        14474                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14474                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data          935                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          935                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         3517                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3517                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data       179818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       179818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data       183805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       183805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      3551485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3551485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data      2372243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2372243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        46038                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        46038                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        16276                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16276                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        66792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        66792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data        66624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        66624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data      5940004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5940004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      5986042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5986042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.037678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.086602                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.086602                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.889285                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.889285                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.052789                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052789                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.030272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.030706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        95957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           95957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements               178228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         500.050278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs          16067750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          200763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           80.033422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7140368417080000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   500.050278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.976661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        32336263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       32336263                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst     15866987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      15866987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst     15866987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       15866987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst     15866987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      15866987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       200763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       200763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       200763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       200763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       200763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       200763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     16067750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16067750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst     16067750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     16067750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     16067750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     16067750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.012495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.012495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.012495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       200251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          200251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               200251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   12107                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               12107                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12107                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12107    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12107                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    447618388                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     447618388    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    447618388                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10897     98.31%     98.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          157      1.42%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           30      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11084                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        12107                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12107                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        11084                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11084                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        23191                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                    5591111                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    10881                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                   4132459                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    1226                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    928                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  490                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     331                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                5601992                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses               4133685                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                         9723570                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         12107                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                     9735677                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   23225                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               23225                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        23225                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         23225    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        23225                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    398284888                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0     398284888    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total    398284888                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22932     99.55%     99.55% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          104      0.45%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23036                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        23225                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        23225                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        23036                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23036                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        46261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                   26075264                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    23225                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    550                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses               26098489                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                        26075264                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         23225                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                    26098489                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               691                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          346                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   48696680131669.359375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  681780627064285.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          140     40.46%     40.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          143     41.33%     81.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.29%     82.08% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.29%     82.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.29%     82.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           60     17.34%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12677376534827500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           346                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   15262199402                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16849051325557598                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21837626215767                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    346                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                  26095617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                    30521643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts              14694990                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses            27961829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               88118                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                   1177485                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      4348235                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                   27961829                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      88118                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          37950297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes         22089804                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            112861                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            62133                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            7751004                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           7668846                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     9720906                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   5588307                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                  4132599                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21837606434850.019531                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             19780916.981911                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                         5891041                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                3017      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                20689023     67.78%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  50834      0.17%     67.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                    9943      0.03%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   9214      0.03%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  19109      0.06%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  12068      0.04%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                 10210      0.03%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                5588307     18.31%     86.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite               4132599     13.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                 30524326                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         387.723853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs           9731961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          248746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.124090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   387.723853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.757273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.757273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.806641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        19714588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses       19714588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data      5258337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5258337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data      3968687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3968687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        68273                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        68273                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         2800                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2800                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        89934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        89934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        86003                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        86003                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data      9229824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        9229824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data      9298097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       9298097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       178426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       178426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data        46916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        46916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         4749                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4749                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        22443                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22443                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         4582                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4582                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data       247785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       247785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data       252534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       252534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data      5436763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5436763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data      4015603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4015603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        73022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        73022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        25243                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        25243                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        90745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        90745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        90585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        90585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data      9477609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9477609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      9550631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9550631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.032818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.065035                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.065035                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.889078                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.889078                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.008937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.050582                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050582                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.026144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.026442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       138716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          138716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               242910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.531382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs          26098300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          270427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           96.507745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   504.531382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.985413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses        52467027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses       52467027                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst     25827873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      25827873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst     25827873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       25827873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst     25827873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      25827873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       270427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       270427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       270427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       270427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       270427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       270427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst     26098300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26098300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst     26098300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     26098300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst     26098300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     26098300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.010362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.010362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.010362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       269915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          269915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               269915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   24837                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               24837                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        24837                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         24837    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        24837                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        23464     98.47%     98.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          317      1.33%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           47      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23828                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        24837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        24837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        23828                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23828                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        48665                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    6474175                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    23371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                   4232532                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    1466                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    645                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  577                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     270                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                6497546                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses               4233998                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        10706707                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         24837                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    10731544                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   38115                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               38115                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38115                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38115    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38115                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37678     99.39%     99.39% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          230      0.61%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37908                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        38115                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38115                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        37908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        76023                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   28839452                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    38115                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    318                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               28877567                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        28839452                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         38115                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    28877567                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              1267                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          634                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   26575788066198.738281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  38976214768503.773438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          115     18.14%     18.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          306     48.26%     66.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.16%     66.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.16%     66.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          211     33.28%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           634                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   16953786999                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16849049633970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   47096020417743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    634                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  28874467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    33904767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts              13940500                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            31210470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              164595                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   1453900                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      4741045                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   31210470                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     164595                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          42947447                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         24938525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            230592                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes           138101                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            8243877                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           8120901                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    10707222                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   6474534                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                  4232688                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             47095973029039.093750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             47388703.910930                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         6515303                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                6576      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                22998006     67.83%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  63642      0.19%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   14599      0.04%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  21966      0.06%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  47201      0.14%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  26304      0.08%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 22140      0.07%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                6474534     19.09%     87.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite               4232688     12.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 33907660                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         415.760800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          10728023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          308766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.744833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   415.760800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.812033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.812033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        21764812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       21764812                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data      6060398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6060398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data      4042506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      4042506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        78670                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        78670                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         2702                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2702                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       113258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       113258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       106521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       106521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     10105606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       10105606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     10184276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      10184276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       235481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       235481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        54383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        54383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         6394                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6394                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        18789                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18789                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         1200                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1200                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         7721                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7721                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       308653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       308653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data       315047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       315047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data      6295879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6295879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data      4096889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4096889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        85064                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        85064                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        21491                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21491                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       114458                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       114458                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       114242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       114242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     10414259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10414259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     10499323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10499323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.037402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013274                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013274                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.075167                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.075167                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.874273                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.874273                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.010484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.067585                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067585                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.029638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.030006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       144935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          144935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               297936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.867050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          28877360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          410332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           70.375598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.867050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses        58165052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses       58165052                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     28467028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      28467028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     28467028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       28467028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     28467028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      28467028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       410332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       410332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       410332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       410332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       410332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       410332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     28877360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28877360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     28877360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     28877360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     28877360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     28877360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.014209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.014209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.014209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       409820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          409820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               409820                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    9763                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                9763                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9763                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9763    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9763                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -2135039640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -2135039640    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -2135039640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8257     98.71%     98.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           86      1.03%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           22      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8365                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9763                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9763                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8365                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8365                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        18128                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                    3723428                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                     9100                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                   2064076                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     663                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    326                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  133                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     148                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                3732528                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses               2064739                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         5787504                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          9763                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     5797267                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   11379                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               11379                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11379                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11379    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11379                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -2135044640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -2135044640    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -2135044640                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11190     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           36      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11226                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        11379                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11379                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11226                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11226                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        22605                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                   16375454                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    11379                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses               16386833                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                        16375454                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         11379                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                    16386833                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               409                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          205                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   61974792715490.187500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  885418985432015.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           95     46.34%     46.34% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          107     52.20%     98.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.49%     99.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      0.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12677376533368000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           205                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144234081081513                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12704832506675488                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21837626218545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    205                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                  16384544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                    18803826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts               8740200                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses            17093944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               28515                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    663113                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts      3221944                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                   17093944                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      28515                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          23221212                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes         13581781                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             35184                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            20950                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            5403105                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           5362207                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     5786308                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   3722075                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                  2064233                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21837614031543.273438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             12187001.727571                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                         4037529                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                 976      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                12964274     68.94%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  32269      0.17%     69.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                    6379      0.03%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   2894      0.02%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                   6030      0.03%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   3904      0.02%     69.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  2922      0.02%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                3722075     19.79%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite               2064233     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                 18805962                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         305.503890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           5793657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          161692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.831439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891347732849000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   305.503890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.596687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.596687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.791016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        11752334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses       11752334                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data      3487857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3487857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data      1958009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1958009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        50545                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        50545                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data         1276                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1276                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        65553                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        65553                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        62638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        62638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      5447142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        5447142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      5497687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       5497687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       123301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       123301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        26329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         3212                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3212                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        11014                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        11014                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          577                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          577                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         3346                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3346                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       160644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       160644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       163856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       163856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data      3611158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3611158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data      1984338                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1984338                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        53757                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        53757                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        12290                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        12290                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        66130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        66130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        65984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        65984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      5607786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5607786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      5661543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5661543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.034144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.059750                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.059750                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.896176                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.896176                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.008725                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008725                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.050709                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050709                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.028647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.028942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        83850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           83850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               159073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         386.067620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs          16386680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          134181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs          122.123699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891347732844000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   386.067620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.754038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.754038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses        32907541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses       32907541                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst     16252499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      16252499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst     16252499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       16252499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst     16252499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      16252499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       134181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       134181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       134181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       134181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       134181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       134181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst     16386680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16386680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst     16386680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     16386680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst     16386680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     16386680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.008188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.008188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.008188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       133669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          133669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               133669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   19109                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               19109                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19109                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19109    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19109                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -795252408                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -795252408    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -795252408                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17706     98.68%     98.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          184      1.03%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           53      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        17943                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        19109                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19109                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        17943                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        17943                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        37052                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    6928112                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    17812                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   4138622                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    1297                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    726                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  253                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     342                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                6945924                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               4139919                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                        11066734                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         19109                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                    11085843                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   19380                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               19380                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19380                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19380    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19380                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -846367408                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -846367408    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -846367408                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        19035     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           68      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        19103                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        19380                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19380                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        19103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        19103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        38483                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                   29900697                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    19380                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    316                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses               29920077                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                        29900697                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         19380                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                    29920077                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               707                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          354                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   47596184047842.007812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  202691755792744.093750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           88     24.86%     24.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          113     31.92%     56.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.28%     57.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          152     42.94%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3750894766902500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           354                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   17434820928                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16849049152936072                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   47096020416651                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    354                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                  29917296                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    34866971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts              17146679                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            32093174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               44329                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                   1237423                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      5116390                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                   32093174                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      44329                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          43639677                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes         25729787                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             52170                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            30093                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            9063831                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           8958654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                    11053911                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   6915260                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  4138651                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             47095971683375.054688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             48733275.944329                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         6690891                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                1361      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                23711809     68.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  65251      0.19%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   15519      0.04%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   3923      0.01%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   8235      0.02%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   5444      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  4016      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                6915260     19.83%     88.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               4138651     11.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 34869475                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         373.597988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs          11083480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          310412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.705707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   373.597988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.729684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.729684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        22477372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses       22477372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      6491754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6491754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data      3941676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3941676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        85905                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        85905                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1918                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1918                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       123231                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       123231                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data       117976                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       117976                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data     10435348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       10435348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data     10521253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      10521253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       238199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       238199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        52056                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52056                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         4538                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4538                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        19472                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19472                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         5930                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5930                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       309727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       309727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       314265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       314265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      6729953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6729953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      3993732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3993732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        90443                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        90443                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        21390                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21390                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       124056                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       124056                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       123906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       123906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data     10745075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10745075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data     10835518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10835518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.035394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.013034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.050175                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.050175                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.910332                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.910332                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.006650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.047859                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047859                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.029003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       151882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          151882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               303870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.531324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs          29919800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          219825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          136.107358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   504.531324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.985413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        60059425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       60059425                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst     29699975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      29699975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst     29699975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       29699975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst     29699975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      29699975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       219825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       219825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       219825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       219825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       219825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       219825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst     29919800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29919800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst     29919800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     29919800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst     29919800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     29919800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.007347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       219313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          219313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               219313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    5742                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                5742                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5742                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5742    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5742                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   2058529592                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    2058529592    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   2058529592                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4266     98.93%     98.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           42      0.97%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            4      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4312                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         5742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         4312                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4312                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        10054                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    3657049                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     5204                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   2450329                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     538                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    385                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  100                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     151                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                3662253                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               2450867                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         6107378                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          5742                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     6113120                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   13864                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               13864                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13864                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13864    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13864                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13668     99.79%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           29      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13697                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13864                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13864                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13697                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13697                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27561                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   16949059                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    13864                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    189                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               16962923                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        16949059                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         13864                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    16962923                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              1029                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          515                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   32716615105659.851562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  35187028416833.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           94     18.25%     18.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          137     26.60%     44.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.19%     45.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          283     54.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           515                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    9808342176                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16849056779414824                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   47052329416981                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    515                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  16960600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    19614568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts               4154151                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            17922513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               14220                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                   1045037                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      3014268                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   17922513                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      14220                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          24918534                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes         14177770                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             15030                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             8268                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            5020851                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           4993830                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     6102838                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   3652143                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  2450695                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             47052302026450.242188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             27390530.755672                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         4191902                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 317      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                13470824     68.67%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  31624      0.16%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                    5942      0.03%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    965      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   1989      0.01%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   1268      0.01%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   957      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                3652143     18.62%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               2450695     12.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 19616724                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.102730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           6110273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          161516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.830760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   431.102730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.841998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        12382062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses       12382062                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      3408810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3408810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      2341860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2341860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        59040                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        59040                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         1210                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1210                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        64824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        64824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        62374                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        62374                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      5751880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        5751880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      5810920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       5810920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       123612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       123612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        31796                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        31796                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         3363                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3363                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        10178                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        10178                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         2739                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2739                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       165586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       165586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       168949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       168949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      3532422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3532422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      2373656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2373656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        62403                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        62403                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        11388                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        11388                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        65291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        65291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        65113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        65113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      5917466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5917466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      5979869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5979869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.034994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.053892                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.053892                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.893748                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.893748                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007153                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007153                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.042065                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042065                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.027983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.028253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        82584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           82584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               150570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.198403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          16962756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          207556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           81.726165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   510.198403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.996481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        34133068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       34133068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     16755200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      16755200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     16755200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       16755200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     16755200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      16755200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       207556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       207556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       207556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       207556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       207556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       207556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     16962756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16962756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     16962756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     16962756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     16962756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     16962756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       207044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          207044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               207044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                 2433492                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong             2433492                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2433492                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2433492    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2433492                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -218962704                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -218962704    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -218962704                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2429322     99.97%     99.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          275      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          359      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2429956                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2433492                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2433492                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2429956                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2429956                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4863448                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                  147317357                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                  2288863                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  73055492                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                  144629                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    910                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  919                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     281                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses              149606220                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              73200121                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                       220372849                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                       2433492                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                   222806341                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   40573                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               40573                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40573                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40573    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40573                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -264278204                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -264278204    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -264278204                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40246     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          155      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40401                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        40573                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40573                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        40401                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40401                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        80974                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  650488576                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    40573                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    526                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              650529149                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       650488576                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         40573                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   650529149                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              1765                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          883                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   19081194855417.058594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  427069068701743.687500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          747     84.60%     84.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           88      9.97%     94.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           48      5.44%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12677376531196000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           883                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  371530423738                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16848695057333262                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21837626223567                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    883                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 650524178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   743055953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             603576450                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           682512167                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses              465367                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  28816445                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     81656916                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  682512167                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                     465367                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads         929010459                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        585546823                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            593069                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes           403767                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads          230206617                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         225615548                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                   222643747                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                 149450186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 73193561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21837144692898.007812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             481530668.992253                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000022                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999978                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       119723381                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass               15058      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               512621819     68.99%     68.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7416363      1.00%     69.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   14570      0.00%     69.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     69.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                13905      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                  43576      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                 107605      0.01%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                  58200      0.01%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                 36945      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead              149450186     20.11%     90.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              73193561      9.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                743060752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         393.858972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs         222791853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4805724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           46.359685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   393.858972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.769256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.769256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       450397878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      450397878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data    144820788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     144820788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     72032209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     72032209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data       252787                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       252787                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data        64649                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        64649                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data       399155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       399155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data       402854                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       402854                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data    216917646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total      216917646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data    217170433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total     217170433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data      4103288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4103288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       506384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       506384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data        17744                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        17744                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data       178535                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       178535                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         8625                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8625                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         4835                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4835                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      4788207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      4788207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      4805951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      4805951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data    148924076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    148924076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     72538593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72538593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data       270531                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       270531                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data       243184                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       243184                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       407780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       407780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data       407689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       407689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data    221705853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total    221705853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data    221976384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total    221976384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.027553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.006981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.065590                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.065590                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.734156                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.734156                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.021151                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021151                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.011860                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011860                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.021597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.021651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       977378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          977378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              4796431                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.531231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         650528977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          940935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          691.364416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   504.531231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.985413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1301998889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1301998889                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    649588042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     649588042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    649588042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      649588042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    649588042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     649588042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       940935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       940935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       940935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       940935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       940935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       940935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    650528977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    650528977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    650528977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    650528977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    650528977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    650528977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.001446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       940423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          940423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               940423                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    8620                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                8620                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8620                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8620    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8620                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    350339296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     350339296    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    350339296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8231     98.21%     98.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           79      0.94%     99.15% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           71      0.85%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8381                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8620                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8620                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8381                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17001                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    3046253                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     8070                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   2069383                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     550                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    194                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  224                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     100                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                3054323                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               2069933                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         5115636                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          8620                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     5124256                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   12129                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               12129                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12129                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12129    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12129                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    305300296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0     305300296    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total    305300296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11959     99.40%     99.40% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           72      0.60%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12031                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12129                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12129                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12031                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12031                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24160                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   13769846                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    12129                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               13781975                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        13769846                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         12129                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    13781975                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               723                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          362                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   46544360552773.992188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  695318167737379.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          236     65.19%     65.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          122     33.70%     98.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      1.10%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12704716257808500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           362                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    8067652816                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16849058520104184                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21782946769821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    362                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  13781257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    16134674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               5131628                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            14935292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               14909                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    695116                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      2124551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   14935292                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      14909                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          21318939                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         12023625                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             16012                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes             6811                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            3894819                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           3849903                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     5116572                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   3047199                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  2069373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21782936339745.656250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             10430075.345928                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         2950855                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 283      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                10977981     68.04%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  30008      0.19%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    5963      0.04%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                    817      0.01%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   1725      0.01%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   1132      0.01%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                   811      0.01%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                3047199     18.89%     87.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               2069373     12.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 16135294                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         345.539611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           5077005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          143394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.405979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   345.539611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.674882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.674882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.673828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10387748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10387748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      2834502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2834502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      1928339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1928339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        44870                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        44870                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1125                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1125                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        61221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        61221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        60564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        60564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      4763966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4763966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      4808836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4808836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       108711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       108711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        25135                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25135                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         3505                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3505                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data         7282                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7282                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          566                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          566                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         1109                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       141128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       141128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       144633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       144633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      2943213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2943213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      1953474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1953474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        48375                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        48375                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data         8407                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         8407                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        61787                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        61787                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        61673                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        61673                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      4905094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4905094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      4953469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4953469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.036936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.072455                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.072455                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.866183                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.866183                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.009161                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009161                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.017982                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.017982                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.029198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        75875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           75875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               140395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.531220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          13781877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          185329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           74.364384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   504.531220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.985413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        27749083                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       27749083                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     13596548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13596548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     13596548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13596548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     13596548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13596548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       185329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       185329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       185329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       185329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       185329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       185329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     13781877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13781877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     13781877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13781877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     13781877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13781877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       184817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          184817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               184817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                    2080                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong                2080                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2080                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2080    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2080                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    709748768                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     709748768    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    709748768                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1479     98.93%     98.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            9      0.60%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            7      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1495                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1495                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1495                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3575                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                     818780                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                     1969                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                    428309                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     111                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                     29                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                   58                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                      20                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                 820749                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                428420                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         1247089                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                          2080                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     1249169                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                    2811                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong                2811                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2811                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2811    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2811                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    710054768                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0     710054768    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total    710054768                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2769     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           10      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2779                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2811                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2811                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2779                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2779                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5590                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                    3849177                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                     2811                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                3851988                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                         3849177                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                          2811                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                     3851988                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               131                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           66                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   192497399166086.531250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1563845254636383.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           33     50.00%     50.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           32     48.48%     98.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      1.52%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12704740262676500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            66                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144238242795287                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 12704828344961712                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21782898759789                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                     66                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   3851238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     4314960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts               1611211                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             3840026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                3215                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    158998                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       900019                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    3840026                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                       3215                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads           5293767                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          3009721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads              3412                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes             1679                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            1431738                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           1428360                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     1247089                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                    818716                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   428373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21782895970075.355469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             2789713.645201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         1082315                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                  66      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 3061449     70.94%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                   5392      0.12%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                     618      0.01%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                    196      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                    412      0.01%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                    264      0.01%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                   192      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 818716     18.97%     90.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                428373      9.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  4315678                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         276.117325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           1244507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           30376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.970075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891359139738500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   276.117325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.539292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.539292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2526942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2526942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data       769059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        769059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data       401901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       401901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        12854                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        12854                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data          296                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          296                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        14593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        14485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      1171256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1171256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      1184110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1184110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data        22684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        22684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data         5394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data          727                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          727                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         2178                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2178                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data          205                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          205                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data        30256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        30256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data        30983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        30983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data       791743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       791743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data       407295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       407295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        13581                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        13581                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        14724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        14690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      1201512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1201512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      1215093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1215093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.028651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.053531                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.053531                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.880356                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.880356                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013955                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013955                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.025182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.025498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           18091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                29372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         386.067274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs           3851956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs           38103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          101.093247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891359139733500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   386.067274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.754038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.754038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses         7742015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses        7742015                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst      3813853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       3813853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst      3813853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        3813853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst      3813853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       3813853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst        38103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst        38103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total        38103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst        38103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total        38103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst      3851956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3851956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst      3851956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      3851956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst      3851956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      3851956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks        37591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total           37591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                37591                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   14295                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               14295                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14295                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14295    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14295                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1252362296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1252362296    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1252362296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12650     98.74%     98.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          126      0.98%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           35      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12811                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14295                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14295                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12811                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12811                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27106                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    5034885                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    13435                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   2841691                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     860                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    483                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  173                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     209                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                5048320                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               2842551                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         7876576                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         14295                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     7890871                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   13031                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               13031                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13031                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13031    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13031                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1251732296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1251732296    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1251732296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12797     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           42      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12839                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13031                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13031                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12839                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12839                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25870                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   22040705                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    13031                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    251                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               22053736                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        22040705                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         13031                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    22053736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               453                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          227                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   72492497314765.812500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  840985848613214.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           71     31.28%     31.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          108     47.58%     78.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.44%     79.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           47     20.70%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12677376530288500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           227                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  393269697305161                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16455796890451840                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21837626224726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    227                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  22051200                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    25431235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts              12665163                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            23242403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               24124                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    872985                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      4143114                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   23242403                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      24124                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          31558635                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         18536373                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             26954                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            15018                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            7109788                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           7043088                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     7874677                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   5032993                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  2841684                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21837609742769.632812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             16481956.369005                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         5236553                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 640      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                17497242     68.80%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  40548      0.16%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   10356      0.04%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   1823      0.01%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   3899      0.02%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   2560      0.01%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  1830      0.01%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                5032993     19.79%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               2841684     11.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 25433579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         388.362923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           7888689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          214725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.738568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7140380035252000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   388.362923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.758521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.758521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        15992103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       15992103                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      4726583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4726583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      2704784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2704784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        63066                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        63066                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1334                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1334                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        86935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        86935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        83306                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        83306                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      7432701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        7432701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      7495767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       7495767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       165551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       165551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        34584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        34584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         3381                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        13304                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13304                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1181                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1181                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         4680                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4680                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       213439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       213439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       216820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       216820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      4892134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4892134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      2739368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2739368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        66447                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        66447                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        14638                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14638                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        88116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        88116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        87986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        87986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      7646140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7646140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      7712587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7712587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.033840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.050883                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.050883                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.908867                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.908867                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013403                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013403                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.053190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.027915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.028112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       110402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          110402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               210614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         500.049925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          22053544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          148810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          148.199341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7140380035247000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   500.049925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.976660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        44255898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       44255898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     21904734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      21904734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     21904734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       21904734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     21904734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      21904734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       148810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       148810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       148810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       148810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       148810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       148810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     22053544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22053544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     22053544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     22053544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     22053544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     22053544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       148298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          148298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               148298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                    7502                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                7502                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7502                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7502    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7502                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1377857296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1377857296    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1377857296                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5037     99.15%     99.15% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           42      0.83%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5080                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         7502                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7502                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        12582                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    3247694                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                     6971                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   1618242                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     531                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    228                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   74                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     114                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                3254665                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               1618773                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         4865936                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                          7502                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     4873438                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   10001                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               10001                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10001                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10001    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10001                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1328039796                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1328039796    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1328039796                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9823     99.84%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           16      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9839                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10001                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10001                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         9839                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9839                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        19840                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   15018285                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    10001                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               15028286                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        15018285                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         10001                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    15028286                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               361                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          181                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   90916028065094.296875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  980283690298933.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           78     43.09%     43.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           98     54.14%     97.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.55%     97.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      2.21%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 12677376529643500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           181                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  393265507974931                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16455801079782068                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21837626225970                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    181                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  15025041                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    16797121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts               7022614                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            14917687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               21834                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    574786                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      3577619                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   14917687                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      21834                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          20225885                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         11683504                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             26749                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            16125                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            5654895                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           5641161                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     4864053                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   3245446                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  1618607                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21837615338765.992188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             10887204.005737                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         4251628                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 740      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                11897210     70.82%     70.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  24042      0.14%     70.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    2132      0.01%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   2236      0.01%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   4580      0.03%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   2960      0.02%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     71.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  2251      0.01%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                3245446     19.32%     90.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               1618607      9.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 16800204                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         394.889233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           4870604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          127530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.191829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7140380162616000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   394.889233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.771268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.771268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         9868738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses        9868738                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      3040760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3040760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      1521457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        54262                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        54262                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1167                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1167                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        60495                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        60495                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        57439                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        57439                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      4563384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4563384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      4617646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4617646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data        93867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        24071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        24071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         2322                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2322                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        10879                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        10879                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          485                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          485                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         3400                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3400                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       128817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       128817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       131139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       131139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      3134627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3134627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      1545528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1545528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        56584                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        56584                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        12046                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        12046                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        60980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        60980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        60839                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        60839                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      4692201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4692201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      4748785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4748785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.029945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.015575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.041036                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.041036                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.903121                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.903121                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.007953                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007953                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.055885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        72791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           72791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               124869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         500.049921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          15028124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          112153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          133.996630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7140380162611000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   500.049921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.976660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        30168401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       30168401                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     14915971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14915971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     14915971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       14915971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     14915971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      14915971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       112153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       112153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       112153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       112153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       112153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       112153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     15028124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15028124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     15028124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     15028124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     15028124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     15028124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.007463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.007463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.007463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       111641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          111641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               111641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  423159                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              423159                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       423159                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        423159    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       423159                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       415945     98.30%     98.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         6734      1.59%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          478      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       423157                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       423159                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       423159                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       423157                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       423157                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       846316                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   37271128                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   405171                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  31936685                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                   17988                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    322                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                13751                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     135                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               37676299                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              31954673                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        69207813                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        423159                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    69630972                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  750225                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              750225                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       750225                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        750225    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       750225                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       743572     99.11%     99.11% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         6652      0.89%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       750224                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       750225                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       750225                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       750224                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       750224                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1500449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  185297352                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   750225                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    183                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              186047577                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       185297352                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        750225                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   186047577                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions             14599                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7300                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2308076010455.691895                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  10110730725493.783203                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          873     11.96%     11.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5874     80.47%     92.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.01%     92.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.01%     92.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.03%     92.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.04%     92.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.03%     92.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.03%     92.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.01%     92.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            3      0.04%     92.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          538      7.37%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          7300                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  111711430124                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16848954876326552                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   47181416010607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   7300                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 186021112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   223401343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts              57469203                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           206165495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses             4149686                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  13921484                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     25085612                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  206165495                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                    4149686                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads         294092867                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        163250756                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           6044008                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes          3688312                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads           42727521                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes          41298384                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    69496358                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  37555987                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 31940371                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             47181103191914.132812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             312818692.866700                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                        41205996                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass              179897      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               149952141     67.11%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                 444415      0.20%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                  138289      0.06%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 602901      0.27%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                1288931      0.58%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 719588      0.32%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                605287      0.27%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               37555987     16.81%     85.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              31940371     14.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                223427807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         460.667456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          69612184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2577138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.011431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   460.667456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.899741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       141801506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      141801506                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     34664587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34664587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     30678995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     30678995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data       337459                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       337459                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data        63886                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        63886                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       612318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       612318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       588186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       588186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     65407468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       65407468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     65744927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      65744927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data      1940789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1940789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       452291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       452291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        86107                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        86107                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data       119579                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       119579                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data        22555                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22555                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        45432                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        45432                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      2512659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      2512659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      2598766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      2598766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     36605376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36605376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     31131286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31131286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       423566                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       423566                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data       183465                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       183465                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       634873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       634873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       633618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       633618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     67920127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     67920127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     68343693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     68343693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.053019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.203291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.203291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.651781                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.651781                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035527                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035527                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.071703                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071703                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.038025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1165689                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total         1165689                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              2498405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.028403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         186047576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         7065165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.333083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   510.028403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.996149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses       379160317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses      379160317                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    178982411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     178982411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    178982411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      178982411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    178982411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     178982411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      7065165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      7065165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      7065165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      7065165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      7065165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      7065165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    186047576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    186047576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    186047576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    186047576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    186047576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    186047576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      7064653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         7064653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              7064653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  176650                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              176650                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       176650                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        176650    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       176650                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       174107     99.76%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          384      0.22%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           40      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       174531                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       176650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       176650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       174531                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       174531                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       351181                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   62498639                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   155835                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  53429395                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   20815                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                   1956                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 6913                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                     493                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               62654474                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              53450210                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       115928034                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        176650                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   116104684                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  994689                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              994689                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       994689                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        994689    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       994689                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       991542     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2903      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       994445                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       994689                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       994689                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       994445                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       994445                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1989134                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  286088693                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   994689                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                   1678                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              287083382                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       286088693                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        994689                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   287083382                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             41705                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        20853                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   807984218099.108765                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7567746041431.502930                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        19643     94.20%     94.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          922      4.42%     98.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.00%     98.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          287      1.38%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         20853                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  171687736283                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16848894900020716                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   47051989051269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  20853                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 287010381                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   343303071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              47647526                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           321276419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              674212                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  23357976                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     42297841                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  321276419                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     674212                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         454926617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        248140864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            726604                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           408024                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads           63604834                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes          63290655                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   115893639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  62481839                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 53411800                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             47051509603403.132812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             479447865.864265                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                        68073902                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               16076      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               226838234     66.06%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 307729      0.09%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   53524      0.02%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  48406      0.01%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 101423      0.03%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  64304      0.02%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 52489      0.02%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               62481839     18.20%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              53411800     15.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                343375828                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         450.298577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         116096651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3001238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.682921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   450.298577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.879489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       235194540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      235194540                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     58191827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      58191827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     51385324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     51385324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       869579                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       869579                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        37383                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        37383                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1268563                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1268563                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1285780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1285780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    109614534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      109614534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    110484113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     110484113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      2128420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2128420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       544918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       544918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       148853                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       148853                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       168059                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       168059                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        42744                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        42744                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        25201                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        25201                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      2841397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      2841397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      2990250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      2990250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     60320247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     60320247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     51930242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51930242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1018432                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1018432                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       205442                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       205442                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1311307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1311307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1310981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1310981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    112455931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    112455931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    113474363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    113474363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010493                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010493                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.146159                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.146159                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.818036                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.818036                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.032596                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032596                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.019223                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.019223                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.026352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1570938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         1570938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              2953211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.935204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         287083138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         9860329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           29.114965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.935204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses       584026605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses      584026605                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    277222809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     277222809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    277222809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      277222809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    277222809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     277222809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      9860329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9860329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      9860329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      9860329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      9860329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      9860329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    287083138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    287083138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    287083138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    287083138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    287083138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    287083138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.034347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.034347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.034347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      9859817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         9859817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              9859817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                  883825                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong              883825                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       883825                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        883825    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       883825                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       871780     98.64%     98.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        11570      1.31%     99.95% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          418      0.05%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       883768                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       883825                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       883825                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       883768                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       883768                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1767593                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                  192938876                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                   802084                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                 170947160                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                   81741                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    120                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                33152                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      28                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses              193740960                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses             171028901                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                       363886036                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                        883825                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                   364769861                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                 3595496                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong             3595496                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      3595496                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       3595496    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      3595496                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      3581812     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        13665      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      3595477                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      3595496                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      3595496                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      3595477                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      3595477                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      7190973                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                  896963892                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                  3595496                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10366                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    71                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                     68                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses              900559388                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                       896963892                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                       3595496                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                   900559388                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions            129014                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        64507                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   261189112654.420074                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  3097308531079.948730                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        60283     93.45%     93.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3589      5.56%     99.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            3      0.00%     99.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.00%     99.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.00%     99.03% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.00%     99.03% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          625      0.97%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         64507                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  540497721250                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 16848526089998676                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   47192379349584                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                  64507                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 900327491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                  1080765799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             135162192                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses          1011216111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses             5422748                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  75684826                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts    128654999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                 1011216111                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                    5422748                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        1439817454                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        779742096                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads           6869963                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes          4150199                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads          192706122                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         191119212                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                   364117822                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                 193214396                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                170903426                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             47190865475038.250000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             1513874545.755162                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000032                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999968                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       212253604                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass              183719      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               712217399     65.89%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                1055167      0.10%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                  192636      0.02%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                 600751      0.06%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                1279361      0.12%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                 734876      0.07%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                615946      0.06%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead              193214396     17.87%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite             170903426     15.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total               1080997677                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         479.581748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs         364755135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        10541653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.601322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   479.581748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.936683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.936683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       740051923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      740051923                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data    178998194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     178998194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data    164421462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    164421462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data      2612008                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      2612008                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data       130908                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       130908                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data      3942936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      3942936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data      4039998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      4039998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data    343550564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total      343550564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data    346162572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total     346162572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data      7578779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      7578779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data      1852210                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1852210                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data       473931                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       473931                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data       549464                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       549464                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data       126773                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       126773                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        28472                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        28472                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      9980453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      9980453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data     10454384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total     10454384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data    186576973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    186576973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data    166273672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    166273672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data      3085939                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      3085939                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data       680372                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       680372                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data      4069709                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      4069709                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data      4068470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      4068470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data    353531017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total    353531017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data    356616956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total    356616956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.040620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.011140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.153578                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153578                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.807593                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.807593                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.031150                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031150                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.006998                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.006998                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.028231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.029315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5665687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total         5665687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements             10461304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.134110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs         900559369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs        34660710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           25.982139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   511.134110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.998309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1835779448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     1835779448                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst    865898659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     865898659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst    865898659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total      865898659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst    865898659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total     865898659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst     34660710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     34660710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst     34660710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total     34660710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst     34660710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total     34660710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst    900559369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    900559369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst    900559369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total    900559369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst    900559369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total    900559369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.038488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.038488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.038488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks     34660198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total        34660198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements             34660198                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                12870                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               12870                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              542244                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             542244                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio         9146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         5296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        37842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1110228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio         9146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13050                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         3972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        26168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34241032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34241032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34267200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.626571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7140368581769001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.626571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.976661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4825737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4825737                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536193                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536193                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536177                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                14896.022472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   52424171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  4189755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                    12.512467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1962.389758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    72.045848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    74.506703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    2913.465811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    5772.637319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker     1.221793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker     1.213899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst      93.984781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     143.275449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.854849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker     3.178325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst     196.861004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     303.383896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    49.116293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker     9.744295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    1366.262479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    1931.879971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.119775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.004397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.177824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.352334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.005736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.008745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.000194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.012015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.018517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.002998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.083390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.117913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.909181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012329                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.897461                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                110309109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses               110309109                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      3320828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       884890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       161186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       486058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        23671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        51414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        27173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        64397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                5019617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3541799                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3541799                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     10366900                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total        10366900                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks           1051                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                1051                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           4951                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           7779                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data            167                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data            791                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               13688                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          207                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data         1412                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          192                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          277                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              2088                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          574363                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          171561                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data           14454                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data           22440                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               782818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      4942432                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst      6613827                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       173517                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       233322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          11963098                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      7421957                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       574833                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data        90232                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       120477                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          8207499                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data        42952                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         7547                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         1653                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         3246                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            55398                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      3320828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       884890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst            4942432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data            7996320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       161186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       486058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            6613827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data             746394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        23671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        51414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst             173517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data             104686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        27173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        64397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             233322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data             142917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                25973032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      3320828                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       884890                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst           4942432                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data           7996320                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       161186                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       486058                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           6613827                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data            746394                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        23671                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        51414                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst            173517                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data            104686                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        27173                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        64397                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            233322                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data            142917                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total               25973032                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        23908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                30828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        26242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         2441                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         1914                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         3297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total             33894                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        21669                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         1066                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         3142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         4020                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           29897                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        577644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data         11266                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data         14730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         19632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total             623272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst       106676                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        34771                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        27245                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        37105                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          205797                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data      2315042                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       191030                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data        47227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        61185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2614484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data       398730                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data       175493                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        12815                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        19142                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         606180                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        23908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           106676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data          2892686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst            34771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data           202296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            27245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data            61957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            37105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data            80817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               3474381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        23908                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3130                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          106676                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data         2892686                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1607                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          492                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           34771                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data          202296                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          418                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          265                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           27245                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data           61957                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          599                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          409                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           37105                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data           80817                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              3474381                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      3344736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       888020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       162793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       486550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        24089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        51679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        27772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        64806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            5050445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3541799                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3541799                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     10366900                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total     10366900                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks         1051                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total            1051                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        31193                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        10220                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         2081                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         4088                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           47582                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        21876                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         3334                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         4297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         31985                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1152007                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       182827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        29184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data        42072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1406090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      5049108                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst      6648598                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       200762                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       270427                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      12168895                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      9736999                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       765863                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       137459                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       181662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10821983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data       441682                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data       183040                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        14468                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        22388                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       661578                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      3344736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       888020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        5049108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       10889006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       162793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       486550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        6648598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data         948690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        24089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        51679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst         200762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data         166643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        27772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        64806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         270427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         223734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            29447413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      3344736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       888020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       5049108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      10889006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       162793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       486550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       6648598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data        948690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        24089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        51679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst        200762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data        166643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        27772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        64806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        270427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        223734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           29447413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.009871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.017352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.005128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.006311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.841278                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.238845                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.919750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.806507                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.712328                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.990538                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.430186                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.942412                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.935536                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.934719                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.501424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.061621                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.504729                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.466629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.443266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.021128                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.005230                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.135708                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.137209                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.016912                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.237757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.249431                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.343572                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.336807                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.241590                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.902754                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.958769                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.885748                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.855012                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.916264                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.021128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.265652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.009871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.005230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.213237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.017352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.005128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.135708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.371795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.006311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.137209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.361219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.117986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.021128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.265652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.009871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.001011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.005230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.213237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.017352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.005128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.135708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.371795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.021568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.006311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.137209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.361219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.117986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             1400526                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  1400526                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       4022145                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                15162.050729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                    3912641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                   503752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                     7.766998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2244.999589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    55.231469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    80.078996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    2104.339198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    4282.736128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker     3.013330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker     1.508242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     239.052481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data     621.461472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    21.600895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker     9.508705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst    1332.949069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    2110.827663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    12.133297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    10.832303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     848.217586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    1183.560305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.137024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.003371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.004888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.128439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.261397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.014591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.037931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.000580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.081357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.128835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.000741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.000661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.051771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.072239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.925418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945679                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                  8433686                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                 8433686                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        64917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       110038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        18775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        30800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        44053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        52612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         6892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        38387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                 366474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       463251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total          463251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       772025                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total          772025                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data            831                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data            953                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data            870                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           1008                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3662                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          228                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               928                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data           26767                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data           12266                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data           25390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data           13034                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total                77457                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       375801                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       114584                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       188689                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       188905                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            867979                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       161195                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        81580                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       153146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        83149                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           479070                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         5206                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         1163                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         2996                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         2770                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total            12135                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        64917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       110038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst             375801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data             187962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        18775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        30800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             114584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data              93846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        44053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        52612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             188689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data             178536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         6892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        38387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             188905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data              96183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                 1790980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        64917                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       110038                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst            375801                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data            187962                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        18775                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        30800                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            114584                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data             93846                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        44053                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        52612                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            188689                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data            178536                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         6892                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        38387                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            188905                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data             96183                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total                1790980                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                 4187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         6233                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         1759                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         3532                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         6397                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17921                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         7145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         3015                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         5061                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         2116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data         20085                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         11247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         21844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data         10557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total              63733                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        34531                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        19597                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        31136                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        18651                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          103915                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        79458                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        44816                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        88353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        40900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         253527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        13583                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         9851                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        16433                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         7343                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total          47210                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            34531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data            99543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst            19597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data            56063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            31136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data           110197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst            18651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data            51457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total                425362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1013                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          707                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           34531                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data           99543                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          393                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          263                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           19597                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data           56063                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          709                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           31136                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data          110197                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          283                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          192                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           18651                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data           51457                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total               425362                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        65930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       110745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        19168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        31063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        44762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        53239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         7175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        38579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total             370661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       463251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       463251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       772025                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total       772025                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         7064                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2712                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         4402                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         7405                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           21583                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         7373                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         5361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         2345                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         18265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        46852                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data        23513                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        47234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        23591                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           141190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       410332                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       134181                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       219825                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       207556                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        971894                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       240653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       126396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       241499                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       124049                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       732597                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        18789                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        11014                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        19429                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        10113                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        59345                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        65930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       110745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         410332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         287505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        19168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        31063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         134181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         149909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        44762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        53239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         219825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         288733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         7175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        38579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         207556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data         147640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total             2216342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        65930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       110745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        410332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        287505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        19168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        31063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        134181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        149909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        44762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        53239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        219825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        288733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         7175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        38579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        207556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data        147640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total            2216342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.015365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.020503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.008467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.015839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.039443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.011296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.882361                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.648599                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.802363                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.863876                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.830329                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.969076                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.946328                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.944040                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.902345                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.949192                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.428690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.478331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.462463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.447501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.451399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.084154                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.146049                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.141640                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.089860                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.106920                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.330177                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.354568                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.365852                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.329708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.346066                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.722923                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.894407                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.845798                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.726095                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.795518                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.015365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.084154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.346231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.020503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.008467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.146049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.373980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.015839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.141640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.381657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.039443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.089860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.348530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.191921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.015365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.084154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.346231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.020503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.008467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.146049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.373980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.015839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.011777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.141640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.381657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.039443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.089860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.348530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.191921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks              130840                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                   130840                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                        430134                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                14165.455634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                   20107339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                  3739315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     5.377279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1509.628945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    43.507433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    40.230659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    1813.245258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    2089.868484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker     3.561980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker     3.339367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     262.435322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     368.794538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst       0.000559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data       0.000979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    43.042080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    55.505429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst    2953.230469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    4979.064126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.092140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.002655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.110672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.127555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.000217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.000204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.016018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.022509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.002627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.180251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.303898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.864591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884827                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                 44377589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                44377589                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      7219508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       116035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        33636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         7919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        29697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        34894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                7463458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1181746                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1181746                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1126956                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total         1126956                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           2174                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data             88                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            467                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           1115                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3844                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          240                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          208                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               582                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data          102953                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data           14299                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data            2813                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           17305                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total               137370                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       859042                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       165464                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst        32266                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       126223                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1182995                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data      1325497                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        79998                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        16182                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       109583                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1531260                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         4747                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         1968                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data          423                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         2180                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             9318                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      7219508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       116035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             859042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data            1428450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        33636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             165464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data              94297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         7919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst              32266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data              18995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        29697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        34894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             126223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data             126888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                10315083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      7219508                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker       116035                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            859042                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data           1428450                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19297                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        33636                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            165464                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data             94297                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2472                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         7919                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst             32266                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data             18995                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        29697                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        34894                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            126223                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data            126888                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total               10315083                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        58217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                61230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         6449                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         1623                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          250                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         2041                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         4157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data          815                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         4270                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        394575                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data          8913                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data          1836                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         13890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total             419214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        81893                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        19865                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst         5837                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        22587                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          130182                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data      2802774                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        32148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data         7119                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        59322                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        2901363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data       173787                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data         5259                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         1748                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        11043                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total         191837                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        58217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            81893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data          3197349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            19865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data            41061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst             5837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data             8955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            22587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data            73212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total               3511989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        58217                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1632                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           81893                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data         3197349                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          298                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          247                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           19865                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data           41061                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst            5837                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data            8955                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          404                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          357                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           22587                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data           73212                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total              3511989                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      7277725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       117667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        19595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        33883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         7937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        30101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        35251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total            7524688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1181746                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1181746                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1126956                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1126956                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         8623                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         1711                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data          717                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3156                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         4397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data          918                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data          176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          9969                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       497528                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        23212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data         4649                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        31195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total           556584                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       940935                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       185329                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst        38103                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       148810                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1313177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data      4128271                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       112146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        23301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       168905                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4432623                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data       178534                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7227                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2171                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        13223                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       201155                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      7277725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       117667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         940935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data        4625799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        19595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        33883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         185329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         135358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         7937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst          38103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data          27950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        30101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        35251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         148810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         200100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total            13827072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      7277725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker       117667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        940935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data       4625799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        19595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        33883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        185329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        135358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         7937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst         38103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data         27950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        30101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        35251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        148810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        200100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total           13827072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.013870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.022539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.002268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.010127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.747884                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.948568                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.348675                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.646705                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.729429                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.945417                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.887800                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.823864                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.953551                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.941619                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.793071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.383982                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.394924                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.445264                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.753191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.087034                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.107188                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.153190                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.151784                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.099135                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.678922                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.286662                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.305523                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.351215                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.654548                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.973411                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.727688                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.805159                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.835136                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.953678                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.013870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.087034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.691199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.107188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.303351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.022539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.002268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.153190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.320394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.010127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.151784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.365877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.253994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.013870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.087034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.691199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.015208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.107188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.303351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.022539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.002268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.153190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.320394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.013421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.010127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.151784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.365877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.253994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks              696387                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                   696387                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                       3687710                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                15898.202963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                  144262443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  5070743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    28.449961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2372.261583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     4.029545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     0.822789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     236.394361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     242.588139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    72.712034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    74.229852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    3019.896562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    3696.733379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    14.640434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    32.088201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    1053.306186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    1203.846932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    34.408855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    39.021740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    1547.619449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    2253.602921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.144791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.014428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.014806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.004438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.004531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.184320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.225631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.000894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.001959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.064289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.073477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.002100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.094459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.137549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.970349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.018127                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974060                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                294489159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses               294489159                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         7402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        27200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1253345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2229689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       493337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2961735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      2582448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker     10712926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total               20268082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8475105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8475105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     41729037                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total        41729037                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           1635                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          13527                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           3148                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           8079                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total               26389                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data        13632                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data         1464                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data         4945                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             20212                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           11917                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          369322                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data          434704                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data         1575937                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total              2391880                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst        93917                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      6733872                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      9568024                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst     33468862                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          49864675                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        61170                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data      1690311                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      2014565                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data      7311194                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         11077240                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         2461                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        94507                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       110070                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data       391538                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total           598576                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         7402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        27200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst              93917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data              73087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1253345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2229689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            6733872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data            2059633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       493337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2961735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst            9568024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data            2449269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      2582448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker     10712926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst           33468862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data            8887131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total                83601877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         7402                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        27200                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst             93917                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data             73087                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1253345                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2229689                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           6733872                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data           2059633                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       493337                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2961735                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst           9568024                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data           2449269                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      2582448                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker     10712926                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst          33468862                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data           8887131                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total               83601877                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         8152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        14332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        17127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        56214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker        59610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total               169746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         2391                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        11058                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        22558                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        10781                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total             46788                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         3204                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         4114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        18849                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         3583                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           29750                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data          8047                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         33876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data         78163                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        233982                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             354068                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        18236                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst       331293                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       292305                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst      1191848                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1833682                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        34964                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       228105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       277885                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       758750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        1299704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         8361                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        25047                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        57750                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data       156349                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total         247507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            18236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data            43011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         8152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        14332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           331293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data           261981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        17127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           292305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data           356048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        56214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker        59610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst          1191848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data           992732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               3657200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          360                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           18236                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data           43011                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         8152                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker        14332                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          331293                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data          261981                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        17127                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        13794                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          292305                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data          356048                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        56214                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker        59610                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst         1191848                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data          992732                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              3657200                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         7762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        27357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1261497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2244021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       510464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2975529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      2638662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker     10772536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total           20437828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8475105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8475105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     41729037                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total     41729037                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         4026                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        24585                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        25706                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        18860                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           73177                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3375                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        17746                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        20313                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         8528                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         49962                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        19964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       403198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       512867                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1809919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2745948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       112153                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      7065165                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      9860329                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     34660710                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      51698357                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        96134                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1918416                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2292450                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data      8069944                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     12376944                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        10822                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data       119554                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       167820                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data       547887                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       846083                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         7762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        27357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         112153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         116098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1261497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2244021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        7065165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        2321614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       510464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2975529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst        9860329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data        2805317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      2638662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker     10772536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst       34660710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        9879863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total            87259077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         7762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        27357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        112153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        116098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1261497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2244021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       7065165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       2321614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       510464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2975529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst       9860329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data       2805317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      2638662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker     10772536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst      34660710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       9879863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total           87259077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.046380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.021304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.008305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.593890                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.449786                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.877538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.571633                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.639381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.949333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.231827                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.927928                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.420145                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.595453                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.403076                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.084018                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.152404                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.129278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.128942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.162599                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.046891                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.029645                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.034386                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.035469                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.363701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.118903                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.121217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.094022                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.105010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.772593                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.209504                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.344119                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.285367                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.292533                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.046380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.162599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.370471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.046891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.112844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.029645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.126919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.021304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.034386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.100480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.041912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.046380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.162599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.370471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.046891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.112844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.033552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.029645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.126919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.021304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.034386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.100480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.041912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              970261                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   970261                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       4349694                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      24968629                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11556502                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3071972                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               51975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9664013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              35629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             35629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3730798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8213536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           185881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         149841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          205551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1450436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1450073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9612038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1626099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1625534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        22788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        47320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12221078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total     12291186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1414174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total      1423596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11076554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total     11094388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        77160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11541456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total     11619300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               38037033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34315328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34315328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        17384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        94640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    311819840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    311931864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     35505856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total     35522603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    269167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total    269184834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       154320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    295937728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total    296092447                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               947047076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13111899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.341905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.798090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10582638     80.71%     80.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1322406     10.09%     90.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  459948      3.51%     94.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  746907      5.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13111899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     50559748                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     24319362                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3334777                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        548851                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       261604                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       287247                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           5159684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         28245613                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            13815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           13815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3541799                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     12182491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean           1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        9334588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          67959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        40581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        108540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1409392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1409392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     12184539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10901390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        13952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        13952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       661681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       661681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     15146815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     34297406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1784502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      6769240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     19992208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3519464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       982658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       358938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       601777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       557136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       110086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        60198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       810769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       763450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       139136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        72132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             85965915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    646253184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    857585336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      7138008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     27076960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    852989952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    116898589                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      3930632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1435752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     25664896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     16894762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       440344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       240792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     34581888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     23365785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       556544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       288528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            2615341952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        5756248                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 89633664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        36129067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.150743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.568444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              33050724     91.48%     91.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               1724265      4.77%     96.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                483231      1.34%     97.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                727920      2.01%     99.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                142927      0.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          36129067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3948082                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1874763                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       403522                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        430885                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       163027                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       267858                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq            428151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          2141214                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             1734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            1734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       463251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       969846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         448198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          22750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         42486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          141814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         141814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       971894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       741169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        59453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        59453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1230484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       950324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       228224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       148130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       402031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       498737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        68198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        58260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       658963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       947586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       116134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       113980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       622156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       497396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        83124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        34298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total              6658025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     52489728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     27843650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       912896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       592520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     17142400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     15011413                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       272792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       233040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     28104832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     28344600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       464536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       455920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     26534400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     14976060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       332496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       137192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total             213848475                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        1711129                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                  8373760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         4052037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.395303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.941451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               3261989     80.50%     80.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                359057      8.86%     89.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                169192      4.18%     93.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                142854      3.53%     97.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                118945      2.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           4052037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13213806                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6473795                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       413076                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        422234                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       147363                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       274871                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq           7583450                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp         13332721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             4745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            4745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1181746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1311129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict        3995066                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          14607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         25436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          556890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         556890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1313177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4436094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        53248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        53248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       201299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       201299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      2822293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     14456569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       243124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side     14598880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       555475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       526969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        72626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        51244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       113797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       100120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        16846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        12422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       445918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       656922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        78096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        85318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total             34836619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    120406912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    358706252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       972496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side     58395520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     23689344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     13571713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       290504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       204976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      4844416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      2963345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        67384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        49688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     19014912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     19958820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       312384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       341272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total             623789938                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                        4769641                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                 44568768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples        18913711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.084044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.448048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0              18115966     95.78%     95.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                340094      1.80%     97.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                167881      0.89%     98.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                245353      1.30%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                 44417      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total          18913711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests    135968399                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     62980162                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     16699885                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       1333128                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1032706                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       300422                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 23596189642538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq          20504308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp         84848290                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq            15335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp           15335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8475105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     51696309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        7562684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         117934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       102505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        220439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         2755556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        2755556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     51698357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12645625                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       847981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       847981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       335947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       395493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        59972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        44856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     21194983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      7869175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      4488046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      2523574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     29580475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      9080355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5962322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1058888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    103981618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     31709812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     21545646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      5278138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total            245109300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     14322816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     12127296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       239888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       179424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    904308352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    231964259                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     17952184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     10094296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1262089344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    281925560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     23849288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      4235552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   4436538112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side   1002219908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     86182584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     21112552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total            8309341415                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        4976192                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 62096704                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples        93574405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.225395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.631780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              80372990     85.89%     85.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1               7882388      8.42%     94.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2               2794081      2.99%     97.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3               2479174      2.65%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 45772      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total          93574405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
